1
题目:        No one can claim such mastery of the fantasy sound as British film music composer John Williams. It’s a style of music he did much to define in Star Wars and then for many other films for the director Steven Spielberg. There are distinctive melodies which give the feeling of flying, parts of music to represent different characters and complex details. In addition, everything follows the symphonic style of a hundred years ago. It’s what the film industry in Hollywood wants, and what audiences everywhere expect.        Can we call it art, or is it simply a sort of factory product? For the cinema-goer sitting with a popcorn bag the question doesn’t arise. But since film music now spreads to a different audience far outside cinemas, on promoted soundtrack CDs and serious concert platforms, it may be interesting to answer the question.         Composers themselves have expressed very diverse opinions. Interviewed some years ago, Williams himself proudly referred to film music as “the opera of the 20th century”. On the other hand, Richard Rodney Bennett, the composer of the music for the film Murder on the Orient Express, declared that “in writing film music one is really using only a sixth of one’s musical mind”. Everyone agrees on one point though: the rewards are pleasingly high. There are royalties (版税). And if you hit the right buttons you can get into the sideline (副业) of a concert career, regularly mounting (举办) live performances of film compositions.        But if you consider the working conditions that composers put up with, it may be hard to class film music as art. First of all, film music is composed in snippets (片段), timed to the second, and written after the film is shot. Then there are mad deadlines. Next, the composer has to live with the fact that he has no artistic control. Finally, the worst thing is that what is written struggles to get itself noticed against a background of dialogue and every possible visual delight from cartoon character Shrek’s green body to actor Tom Cruise’s chin.        But think of the German composer Bach in the eighteenth century, satisfying his employers by writing one cantata (清唱剧) a week. Few composers can write without a task. And for the true artist, rules and restrictions stimulate (激发热情).        So, what’s my conclusion? Art or factory product? Both in fact, although there’s rather more of the factory product than I would like at times.
答案:

2
题目:character
答案:character

3
题目:出现
答案:B. arise

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

There are distinctive melodies which give the feeling of flying, parts of music to represent different characters and complex details.
答案:B. 展现

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Composers themselves have expressed very diverse opinions.
答案:B. various

6
题目:perform_
答案:perform,ance

7
题目:restrict_
答案:restrict,ion

8
题目:这位作曲家不得不接受他没有艺术掌控力这个事实。
答案:The composer has to live with the fact that he has no artistic control.

9
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Think of the German composer Bach in the ### (eighteen) century, satisfying his employers by writing one cantata a week.
答案:eighteenth

10
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

But if you consider the working conditions that composers ### (忍受), it may be hard to class film music as art.
答案:put up with

