1
题目:        It was Sunday, so Dad and I were at the second-hand goods market, looking for tools, appliances, and other things that needed cleaning. Some were broken; others, like silver trays (托盘), just needed to be cleaned and polished. It was 1974, and the recession (萧条) was in full swing. Dad worked full-time at a factory, but the money wasn’t enough. Dad had tried a second job for a while, but he found it was still too hard for the family. One day, he had an excellent idea that set me on a lifelong course of self-sufficiency (自给自足).        Standing beside a crowded table at the second-hand goods market, I looked over an ancient manual sewing machine. Someone had changed it to run on electric power. It was way older than Mom’s machine, but it looked like it had quality and longevity built into it. “Dad!” I called. “This is a beaut!”        Dad walked over, pulling a cart (手推车) full of audio equipment, tools, worn-out appliances, and what appeared to be a block of dull kitchen knives. “What have you got, Son?” I described what I saw and what I figured I could do to fix the beauty up. Dad paid for my discovery, and we headed home.        Every day after school I worked on the ancient machine, and every night Dad and I sharpened tools and knives, sanded off rust (锈), polished metal, and replaced missing parts from various items. The next Saturday we headed off, as we did every weekend, to that same market, where we sold the treasures we’d purchased the week before — at a tidy profit. My old beauty brought in more money than anything else, and Dad let me keep every penny.        Dad’s gone now, but I can never thank him enough. Even if we hadn’t needed the extra funds Dad and I brought in, I wouldn’t have traded those weekends for all the picnics or Little League games in St. Louis — not in a million years.
答案:

2
题目:appear
答案:appear

3
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Dad had tried a second job for a while, but he found it was still too hard for the family.
答案:B. 又一份工作

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

One day, he had an excellent idea that set me on a lifelong course of self-sufficiency.
答案:C. 使处于某种状况

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

It was way older than Mom’s machine, but it looked like it had quality and longevity built into it.
答案:A. 非常

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Someone had changed it to run on electric power.
答案:A. operate

7
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

I described what I saw and what I figured I could do to fix the beauty up.
答案:C. thought

8
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

My old beauty brought in more money than anything else, and Dad let me keep every penny.
答案:B. earned

9
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

I wouldn’t have traded those weekends for all the picnics or Little League games in St. Louis — not in a million years.
答案:B. exchanged

10
题目:当时是1974年，经济衰退正处于最严重的时期。
答案:It was 1974, and the recession was in full swing.

11
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

We sold the treasures we’d purchased the week before — ###（大赚了一笔）.
答案:at a tidy profit

