1
题目:        The 200th anniversary of the birth of Charlotte Bronte, whose novel Jane Eyre has attracted generations of readers, is being marked in Britain today.        Fans are hosting a birthday party in the house in northern England where Charlotte and her sisters Emily and Anne grew up and wrote their books. The anniversary reflects the global popularity of the Brontes, whose works are seen as among the most important ever written by female authors. A wreath (花环) will be laid for Bronte in Westminster Abbey tomorrow and a ballet version (版本) of Jane Eyre is opening next month, while the National Portrait Gallery is hosting an exhibition in her honour.        The Bronte Parsonage Museum in Haworth, a remote village in Yorkshire, draws tens of thousands of visitors from around the world each year, and the sisters’ books are an important part of British bookshops and school curriculums.        Charlotte, Emily and Anne Bronte were a clergyman’s (牧师) daughters who wrote for pleasure and dreamt of becoming published authors but feared they would not be taken seriously because they were women. They therefore adopted the pen names of Currer, Ellis and Acton Bell when they sent Jane Eyre, Wuthering Heights, Agnes Grey and The Tenant of Wildfell Hall to publishers in the 1840s.        Emily Bronte fell ill and died in 1848, followed by Anne the following year. Charlotte lived for a further six years before dying in Haworth in 1855 at age 38. Jane Eyre, which has never been out of print in Britain, tells the story of Jane Eyre’s youth as an orphan (孤儿) and how she falls in love with her employer, Mr Rochester, while working as a teacher.        Charlotte Bronte’s other works include Shirley and Villette. Her biographer Claire Harman told the BBC this month that she was someone “who longed to be forever known, but relied on anonymity (匿名) in order to achieve it; a woman much more concerned about truthfulness than personal fame and someone who put into words her own terrible sufferings ... as being the only way to deal with them.”
答案:

2
题目:personal
答案:personal

3
题目:苦难
答案:B. suffering

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

The Bronte Parsonage Museum in Haworth, a remote village in Yorkshire, draws tens of thousands of visitors from around the world each year.
答案:B. 吸引

5
题目:选出能替换凸显部分的单词或短语。

The 200th anniversary of the birth of Charlotte Bronte, whose novel Jane Eyre has attracted generations of readers, is being marked in Britain today.
答案:B. celebrated

6
题目:employ_
答案:employ,er

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

The anniversary reflects the global ### (popular) of the Brontes.
答案:popularity

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

The National Portrait Gallery is hosting an ### (exhibit) in her honour.
答案:exhibition

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Charlotte, Emily and Anne Bronte were a clergyman’s daughters who wrote for pleasure and ### (梦想成为) published authors.
答案:dreamt of becoming

10
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Jane Eyre has never been ### (绝版) in Britain.
答案:out of print

