1
题目:Topic Reading: Festivals Around the World 
        Here are some of the world’s strangest festivals. 
        ◆ World Ice Golf Championship, Greenland.
        For more than 10 years the World Ice Golf Championship has been regarded as the most extreme golf tournament (锦标赛) in the world. In 1997, architect Rolf-Henning Jensen was asked to design the world’s first ice golf course (高尔夫球场) among huge icebergs and heavy snows of Uummannaq, a small town on the west coast of Greenland — 600km north of the Arctic Circle. When golfers were tired of green European courses, they can pack suitcases to play a round on the “white” of Greenland.
         There golfers face extreme temperatures as their first task to deal with. Then it will take players time and patience to accustom (使适应) themselves to white “green” and orange balls to play with. Determined by weather conditions, the tournament is scheduled for March each year in Greenland.
        ◆ Balloon Fiesta, the United States.
        Have you ever been taken to the sky in a hot air balloon? The yearly Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta gives you the chance to enjoy a bird’s-eye view of the city and countryside. Since 1972, perfect October weather, blue skies and wind known as the “Albuquerque Box” have combined to allow balloonists to control their way thanks to the direction of blowing winds. 
        This is the only place in the world to enjoy balloons floating in the blue skies each October.
        ◆ El Colacho, Spain.
        The world’s most dangerous festival takes place every year in a small Spanish village Castrillo de Murcia near Burgous. El Colacho means devil’s (魔鬼) jump and in fact this is the act of baby-jumping. Its purpose is to force a devil to leave the child’s body. Men dressed as devils jump over small babies to guard them against illness and evil (邪恶的) spirits. Many regard the festival as dangerous as “jumping devils” could hurt babies. But locals believe the action protects their babies from evil and organize the jump in the streets, so people can watch or even join. This year the event is planned in early June.
答案:

