1
题目:        Last month, high school teacher Charles Tandy gave away his television. “I’m not the sort of person who thinks that television is a complete waste of time — some programmes can actually be quite educational,” he says. “I just wanted to be able to have more conversations with my friends and family, and TV prevents you doing that.” He is not alone in worrying about television. Many parents, for example, feel that a lot of programmes aren’t  suitable for their children.
        But some experts are now arguing that television is making the world a better place. Paul  Wood, an Australian psychologist (心理学家), has studied the effect of TV in many different countries. He says that educational programmes don’t bring many benefits. However, popular dramas about everyday life are helping to improve people’s lives in various ways. He says, for example, that such programmes increase understanding about  the sorts of problems that teenagers have, particularly ones that damage their education.
        Lucan Hobbs, professor of media studies, says that the issues that surround TV may be  even wider. “In some countries, popular music competitions and reality shows have made many people believe that anyone can be famous,even though this may not be true. This is having a big effect on the way young people see society and could continue to do so in the future,” he says.
        There may be one final reason why people see TV differently. Over the last 50 or 60 years, the world has learned to deal with TV. We realize that it can bring a few benefits and we are no longer afraid of it. But now there is something else to consider — the Internet. By comparison, the gentle television set in the corner of every sitting room seems almost friendly.
答案:

2
题目:various
答案:various

3
题目:conversation
答案:conversation

4
题目:particularly
答案:particularly

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Last month, high school teacher Charles Tandy gave away his television.
答案:B. 送掉

6
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Many parents, for example, feel that a lot of programmes aren’t suitable for their children.
答案:C. 认为

7
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Lucan Hobbs, professor of media studies, says that the issues that surround TV may be even wider.
答案:B. are closely connected with

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

I’m not the sort of person who thinks that television is a complete waste of time — some programmes can actually be quite ### (education).
答案:educational

9
题目:担心电视的人不止他一个。
答案:He is not alone in worrying about television.

10
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Some experts are now arguing that television is ### (使世界变得更美好).
答案:making the world a better place

