1
题目:        American folk music is the music of the people. “Good Night Irene,” is an example of a traditional folk song. That means the song is so old, no one really knows who wrote it. Huddie Ledbetter, the singer and guitarist known as Ledbelly, first recorded “Good Night Irene” in 1932. Since then more than a hundred other versions have been recorded. “Good Night Irene,” was a huge hit for the Weavers in 1950.        Folk songs sometimes tell stories about real events. An example is the story of a young man whose last name was spelled D-U-L-A but pronounced “Dooley”. Tom Dula was a Civil War soldier in North Carolina. He was found guilty of the murder of his girlfriend. He was hanged in 1868, yet the case left many questions. The story was retold in poems and songs — including the hit song, “Tom Dooley,” recorded in 1958 by the Kingston Trio.        Folk singer and songwriter Amy Speace says the history of American folk music can be imagined as a tree with many branches. At the center, she says, is Woody Guthrie. Woody Guthrie wrote almost 3,000 songs. But he only recorded about 300 of them. His granddaughter Anna Canoni says that was partly because he did not have enough money to record more.        Yet for all his influence, millions of Americans today remember him for just one song, which children learned in school. The song, “This Land Is Your Land,” seems like the perfect expression of pride in country. What many people do not know is that it was meant sarcastically (讽刺地), as just the opposite. This meaning is made clear later in the song, in the parts that most children never learn in school.         Some people probably think of a folk singer out of date from the 1960s. A long-haired, guitar-playing idealist who sings about bringing the world together. But these days, with music production software, digital video and social networks all easily available, folk artists really can bring the world together.
答案:

2
题目:pronounce
答案:pronounce

3
题目:influence
答案:influence

4
题目:风行一时的流行歌曲
答案:C. hit

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。  

He was hanged in 1868, yet the case left many questions.
答案:C. 绞死

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Yet for all his influence, millions of Americans today remember him for just one song, which children learned in school.
答案:B. despite

7
题目:product_
答案:product,ion

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

He was found ### (guilt) of the murder of his girlfriend. 
答案:guilty

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Woody Guthrie ### (起了重要作用) in the history of folk music.
答案:played an important role

