1
题目:        Bethany Hamilton is from Hawaii. When she was just 13 years old, she and her friend were surfing in the ocean. While they were surfing, a shark attacked Hamilton. In the attack, Hamilton lost her left arm.        Hamilton was rushed to the hospital. When she got to the hospital, she had already lost more than half of her blood. She almost died, but doctors saved her life.        Hamilton loved surfing, and she didn’t want to stop. Of course, now it was much harder for her, because she only had one arm. First, she got a special surfboard. This board was thicker, and it was easier to control. Then, she started to exercise her legs. She needed stronger legs because she had to kick more to push the board through the water. Finally, she learned how to surf with only one arm. Less than one month after Hamilton lost her arm, she was surfing again.        Today, Hamilton is a professional surfer. She surfs in competitions around the world. She has been in competitions in the USA, Brazil, and Australia. In total, she has won four major competitions. She no longer needs a special surfboard. She uses the same kind of surfboard that everyone else uses.        Hamilton uses her experience to teach people to never give up. She wrote a book about the shark attack and her difficulties. She also goes on television shows and talks about her experiences. In 2011, there was even a movie about her life. She has also won several awards for her courage.        Hamilton says that helping people has been a wonderful experience for her. She says that she has learned a lot about life, love, and being strong. However, although so many things have happened to her, she says she is still just a surfer. 
答案:

2
题目:thick
答案:thick

3
题目:教导；使……懂得（情理）
答案:A. teach

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。
  
Hamilton was rushed to the hospital.
答案:B. 急送

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

In total, she has won four big competitions. 
答案:B. major

6
题目:compet_
答案:compet,ition

7
题目:她还因她的勇气赢得了多个奖项。
###
答案:She has also won several awards for her courage.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Today, Hamilton is a ### (profession) surfer.
答案:professional

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

She also ### (上电视节目) and talks about her experiences.  
答案:goes on television shows

