1
题目:        Singapore’s government has long insisted that everyone in the island nation should speak English — it’s the language used in schools, at work, and in government. But in practice many people speak a mixed language that can leave visitors completely confused — Singlish. You don’t have a coffee — you “lim kopi”. And if someone asks you to join them for a meal but you’ve already had dinner, you simply say: “Eat already.”        Singlish first appeared when Singapore gained independence 50 years ago, and decided that English should be the common language for all its different races. That was the plan. It worked out slightly differently though, as the various ethnic groups began joining English with other words and grammar. English became the official language, but Singlish became the language of the street.        Repeated Speak Good English campaigns in schools and in the media have had only limited success. Singlish has not only survived in these attacks, it has thrived (蓬勃发展). It’s been added in a dictionary and studied by linguists.        Over time, Speak Good English campaigns have changed from trying to stop Singlish, to accepting that properly spoken English and Singlish can peacefully co-exist. Among ordinary Singaporeans, Singlish tends to be spoken in informal situations. It indicates casual and close relationship. English, on the other hand, is used for formal situations — at school, or at work, especially when meeting strangers or customers.        Over time, it has become a social mark — someone who can effectively switch between the two languages is thought to be more educated and of a higher social status than someone who can only speak Singlish. Someone who can only speak English, and not Singlish, meanwhile, may be seen as a bit posh (上流社会的), or worse — not a real Singaporean. So what and how do you speak it?
答案:

2
题目:language
答案:language

3
题目:困惑的
答案:B. confused

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

English should be the common language for all its different races.
答案:B. 种族

5
题目:_dependence
答案:in,dependence

6
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Singapore’s government has long insisted that everyone in the island nation ### (speak) English.
答案:speak|should speak

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Repeated Speak Good English campaigns in schools and in the media have had only ### (limit) success.
答案:limited

8
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

But ### (实际上) many people speak a mixed language that can leave visitors completely confused — Singlish.
答案:in practice|in reality

