1
题目:        On a July afternoon in 1937, 15-year-old Betty Brown was playing with her father’s shortwave radio at home in Florida. She was searching for her favorite songs so she could copy the lyrics down in a notebook. While daydreaming, Brown casually turned the dial on the radio until she heard something that made her stop. It was a voice that sounded familiar. Back in those days, news clips (新闻摘要) were played at movie theaters. Brown recognized the voice from one of the news films she had seen.        "I heard Amelia Earhart in a panicked voice, a heartbreaking voice,” Brown recalled in a 2007 interview. “She was saying, ‘This is Amelia Earhart Putnam, please help me. Please hear me.’”        Brown quickly began writing down what she heard — parts of desperate conversations between the woman she believed was Earhart and an unknown man. Later, she decided that the man must have been Earhart’s navigator (领航员), Fred Noonan. As the signal faded in and out, Brown never left the radio. She scribbled (潦草地写) away as Earhart and Noonan struggled for control of the radio. Earhart tried to prevent Noonan from leaving the plane after they had apparently crash-landed. All the while, Earhart repeated strings of numbers and mentioned rising water. After about three hours, Earhart and Noonan were seemingly forced to abandon the plane as it was filled with water, and the distress calls (求救信号) stopped.        Brown and her father both tried to give her notes to the United States Coast Guard, but they were told the situation was under control. The search for Earhart was abandoned after a great effort was made, and Brown eventually stopped trying to tell people what she heard. But she kept her notebook. In 2000, people from an organization researching Earhart’s disappearance asked to see it. The researchers were convinced that Brown’s notes were reliable. If the researchers are right, the notes are a priceless, yet sorrowful, record of the sad ending of an American hero.
答案:

2
题目:prevent
答案:prevent

3
题目:采访
答案:B. interview

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

If the researchers are right, the notes are a priceless, yet sorrowful, record of the sad ending of an American hero.
答案:B. 极珍贵的

5
题目:选出能替换凸显部分的单词或短语。

The researchers were convinced that Brown’s notes were reliable.
答案:B. dependable

6
题目:apparent_
答案:apparent,ly

7
题目:这是一个听起来很熟悉的声音。
答案:It was a voice that sounded familiar.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

In 2000, people from an organization researching Earhart’s ### (disappear) asked to see it.
答案:disappearance

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Earhart and Noonan were seemingly forced to abandon the plane as it ### (灌满了水) .
答案:was filled with water

