1
题目:        Bungee jumping is not a new activity. Men on Pentecost Island in the South Pacific have been doing land jumping for hundreds of years. The men tie long vines (藤) from plants around their ankles (脚踝). They spend days building tall towers out of vines and logs (圆木). Then they jump off them.        According to their beliefs, the first land diver was a woman. She decided to run away from her rude husband. So, she climbed up a tall tree and tied some vines around her feet. Her husband also climbed up the tree and tried to catch her, but the woman jumped and the man followed. The vines saved her life, but her husband died.        This ancient custom caught the interest of some students at Oxford University in England. In the late 1970s, they formed a group called the Dangerous Sports Club. They were some of the first people to test several of what are now called extreme sports. They are said to have invented modern bungee jumping.        In the spring of 1979, members of the group jumped off the Clifton Suspension Bridge in Bristol, England. They were attached to the bridge by a bungee cord, a long elastic (有弹性的) rope. The group soon received even more attention when they organized a bungee jump off the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, California.        A man named A. J. Hackett of New Zealand decided to make the sport into a business. He started developing bungee ropes and materials with a friend. They held a major jump in 1987 off the famous Eiffel Tower in Paris, France. They later got permission to open the first bungee jumping operation on the Kawarau Bridge in Queenstown, New Zealand. Many people paid 75 dollars to jump off the bridge with a bungee rope attached to their ankles. Since its beginnings in New Zealand, commercial (商业的) bungee jumping has spread to countries everywhere.
答案:

2
题目:extreme
答案:extreme

3
题目:挽救；拯救
答案:B. save

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

In the late 1970s, they formed a group called the Dangerous Sports Club.
答案:B. 组织；建立

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

They later got permission to open the first bungee jumping operation on the Kawarau Bridge in Queenstown.
答案:C. 活动

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

The group soon received even more attention when they organized a bungee jump off the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, California.
答案:A. got

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Many people paid 75 dollars to jump off the bridge with a bungee rope ### (attach) to their ankles.
答案:attached

8
题目:根据所给汉语，完成句子。

She decided to ### (逃离) her rude husband.
答案:run away from

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成句子。

This ancient custom ### (引起了……的兴趣) some students at Oxford University in England.
答案:caught the interest of

