1
题目:       Prague is the capital of Czech Republic, and it’s in the center of Europe. Prague is a place where the eastern and western parts of Europe meet. The cultures of Eastern and Western Europe are quite different, but both of them have greatly influenced Prague. And of course, Prague has its own culture as well.       During World War II, many European cities were heavily bombed. However, Prague suffered very little damage during the war. As a result, all of its ancient buildings remain undamaged.       Old Town Square is the number one stop for tourists visiting Prague. The square is more than 800 years old; if you go there, remember that some amazing things have happened there in the past. For example, on the ground you can see 27 crosses. That’s because 400 years ago, enemy soldiers killed 27 local leaders on that spot.       Old Town Square has several very old and giant churches. The churches are huge and their old, dark style is a little bit scary. One of the ancient buildings there is the old town hall building. Inside the building there’s a 600-year-old clock. The clock has beautiful religious carvings (宗教浮雕), and it still works. According to the story, the government hired a man to build the clock, and after the man was done, the government blinded him. Why? They didn’t want him to build a clock for anybody else!       Another famous part of Prague is the Jewish Quarter. In the past, Jewish people were forced to live in this area.Other parts of Prague have huge castles and churches. Those areas are beautiful, but they might not seem real to some people. In the Jewish Quarter, the streets are narrower and the buildings are smaller. It helps visitors understand how ordinary people lived hundreds of years ago. It also has a simple but very beautiful synagogue. A synagogue is a Jewish temple.       Here is another piece of advice for you, just in case you ever visit Prague. Try the beer. The Czech Republic is famous for the best beer in the world! 
答案:

