1
题目:       High school students have a lot to be anxious about. To them, social media (媒体) — Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter, for example — might seem like escapes. But Alisha Goyal, an 18-year-old student at Hamilton High School in Chandler, Ariz., found that people who hang out at some social media sites might be at risk of developing anxiety (焦虑).
       Alisha had been working with Yonas Geda, a doctor who treats mental (心理的) illnesses at the Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale, Ariz. Their survey asked teens how much time they spent on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat. It also asked why the teens went to these sites and how they used these types of social media. The questions also asked the volunteers about their levels of anxiety. These questions helped determine if someone was likely to develop an anxiety disorder at some later date.
       The use of Facebook wasn’t connected with someone’s score on the anxiety test, Alisha’s data show. Twitter and Snapchat both seemed quite relaxing. Teens who spent a lot of time on those sites scored lower on the anxiety test. That suggests they might be less likely to develop an anxiety disorder later. However, people who used Instagram scored more highly on the anxiety test. 
       Why might the use of different social media sites lead to different anxiety scores? Alisha thinks that how people interact (互动) with social media matters. With Snapchat, for example, “You’re having person-to-person conversations,” she says. “You’re not afraid to put on an ugly photo.” So Snapchat might make it easier to be yourself. On Twitter, people create their own messages, sharing their thoughts with all they follow. That might help reduce stress, the teen thinks. But Instagram is different. Each posted picture goes out to all of the Instagram followers. So the pressure to produce the perfect picture can build up.
       Alisha is working on getting her anxiety test published in a scientific magazine. She hopes that someday her results might help doctors find possible anxiety in teens.
答案:

