1
题目:        On September 11, 2016, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, eight athletes from six countries ran toward the finish line. They are competing in the first-ever women’s paratriathlon, a three race event in the Paralympic Games (国际残疾人奥运会). They have completed the 750-meter swim and the 20-kilometer bicycle race. Now they are closing in on the finish, the end of the 5-kilometer run.
        Melissa Stockwell, whose left leg was amputated (截肢) above the knee, is one of the front-runners. With a burst of energy, she crosses the line, winning a bronze medal.
        Growing up in Michigan, Georgia, and Minnesota, Melissa was a talented gymnast. In 2002, Melissa graduated from the University of Colorado and was commissioned (任命) as a Second Lieutenant (中尉) in the United States
Army. In March 2004, an explosion caused the loss of her left leg above the knee. Following her military career, athletics become a way of life for Melissa.
        Melissa’s mother recalls her daughter’s attitude as she regained strength through swimming. “Seeing so many patients with injuries far worse than hers, she realized that she was lucky to have the chance to live a life again and became more determined to live in honor of those soldiers who would not.”
        One day, Melissa saw a presentation about the Paralympic Games. Inspired, she increased her swimming to a competitive level. Although she was considered a long shot, Melissa made the 2008 USA Paralympic Team and
represented her country in Beijing, China.
        After the 2008 Olympics, Melissa was invited to try paratriathlon. She loved the challenge. She trained and went on to win the International Triathlon Union Paralympic World Championships in 2010, 2011, and 2012. She won many championships. She counts her 2016 bronze-medal as one of the best moments of her life.
        Today, Melissa keeps training and gives inspirational talks based on her experiences. “Don’t take no for an answer,” she says. “Continue to believe in yourself and find a way to succeed.”
答案:

