1
题目:        It was almost the worst birthday of Abraham Lincoln’s life.        On February 11, 1861 (the day before he turned fifty-two), Lincoln left for Washington to become the nation’s sixteenth President. As he left home in Springfield, Illinois, Lincoln handed his son Robert a black oilskin (油布) bag, and told him to keep it carefully. He did not tell Robert what was inside.        Unknown to his seventeen-year-old son, Lincoln had placed his newly written inaugural speech in the bag. It was to be the most important speech he ever made. And it was his only copy.        When the train arrived in Indianapolis — the first stop on the long journey — Lincoln rode off in a special car without his family. Robert walked from the station to the local hotel.        When Robert arrived at the hotel, he learned that his family’s rooms were not ready. So he asked that the bag should be held at the front desk. Then he went off to be with friends.        On his return, Robert found his father waiting anxiously. Where was the bag? Robert explained that he had checked it at the desk.        An angry Lincoln sped to the hall and leaped over the front desk. He began searching through a huge pile of luggage.        As puzzled guests looked on, Lincoln dragged from the pile a familiar-looking black bag and opened it, only to find someone else’s dirty clothes. It was the wrong bag. Back he went to the pile.        At last he found the valuable bag and the speech inside. Lincoln handed it to his son and said strictly, “Now you keep it!”        It was the one and only time, Robert said, that his father had ever lost his temper at him. But with his speech found and his birthday yet to be celebrated, Abraham Lincoln grew cheerful. As Robert proudly recalled, “Father did not scold (责骂).”
答案:

2
题目:president
答案:president

3
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。
When the train arrived in Indianapolis — the first stop on the long journey — Lincoln rode off in a special car without his family.
答案:A. 搭车离开

4
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

As he left home in Springfield, Illinois, Lincoln handed his son Robert a black oilskin bag, and told him to keep it carefully.
答案:B. gave

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Unknown to his seventeen-year-old son, Lincoln had placed his newly written inaugural speech in the bag.
答案:A. put

6
题目:puzzl_
答案:puzzl,ed

7
题目:cheer_
答案:cheer,ful

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

On February 11, 1861 (the day before he turned fifty-two), Lincoln left for Washington to become the nation’s ### (sixteen) President.
答案:sixteenth

9
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Lincoln handed it to his son and said ### (strict), “Now you keep it!”
答案:strictly

10
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

### (他一回来), Robert found his father waiting anxiously.
答案:On his return

11
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Lincoln dragged from the pile a familiar-looking black bag and opened it, ### (却发现) someone else’s dirty clothes.
答案:only to find

12
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

It was the one and only time, Robert said, that his father had ever ### (对他发脾气).
答案:lost his temper at him

