1
题目:        What Is a Harvest Festival?        Harvest Festival is a celebration of the food grown on the land. In England, we have given thanks for successful harvests since pagan times (异教徒时代).  We celebrate this day by singing, praying and decorating our churches with baskets of fruit and food in a festival known as “Harvest Festival”, usually during the month of September.        Harvest Festival reminds Christians of all the good things God gives them. This makes them want to share with others who are not so fortunate. In schools and in churches, people bring food from home to a Harvest Festival Service.  After the service, the food that has been put on display is usually made into parcels and given to people in need.         When Is Harvest Festival?        Harvest festivals are traditionally held on or near the Sunday of the Harvest Moon. This is the full moon which falls in September, about Sept. 23. Unlike the USA and Canada, the UK does not have a national holiday for Harvest Festival.         History of Harvest Festival — Traditions and Customs        Harvest Festival used to be celebrated at the beginning of the Harvest season on 1 August and was called Lammas, meaning “loaf Mass”. Farmers made loaves of bread from the new wheat crop and gave them to their local church. They were then used as the Communion bread during a special mass thanking God for the harvest. The custom ended when Henry VIII broke away from the Catholic Church, and nowadays we have harvest festivals at the end of the season.         Farmers celebrated the end of the harvest with a big meal called harvest supper. This was rather like a Christmas dinner, but as turkeys were unknown at that time, a goose stuffed (填充) with apples was eaten. Goose Fairs are still held in some English towns, but geese are no longer sold.         The tradition of celebrating Harvest Festival in churches as we know it today began in 1843.
答案:

2
题目:harvest
答案:harvest

3
题目:提醒
答案:B. remind

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Harvest festivals are traditionally held on or near the Sunday of the Harvest Moon.
答案:B. 举行

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

After the service, the food that has been put on display is usually made into parcels and given to people in need.
答案:B. on show

6
题目:begin_
答案:begin,ning

7
题目:满月发生在九月份。
答案:This is the full moon which falls in September.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Harvest Festival is a ### (celebrate) of the food grown on the land. 
答案:celebration

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Goose Fairs are still held in some English towns, but geese are ### (不再) sold.

答案:no longer

