1
题目:Introduction:        Many people from all over the world enjoy making masks (面具). They use masks when they have a celebration for special times like birthdays and holidays. Some masks look like animals. Some look like happy people. Others look like scary people. Think about a mask you could make. Here are directions for making your own mask:What You Will Need:● A clean, one-gallon plastic milk jug (壶)● Paper towels or a brown paper bag● White glue● Sandpaper● Paint● Yarn (纱线), if desiredWhat to Do:Step 1 With an adult’s help, cut off the spout (壶口) of a clean, one-gallon plastic milk jug. Cut the jug in half from the top to the bottom so that the handle (柄) is in the middle of one of the halves. The half with the handle will be the mask; the handle itself will be the nose.Step 2 With an adult’s help, cut holes for the eyes and a hole for the mouth. Use sandpaper to smooth all rough edges of the mask.Step 3 Cover your work area. Tear paper towels or a brown paper bag into one-inch squares. Put them in a bowl containing a half-and-half mixture of white glue and water for a few minutes. Press firmly the extra glue from the pieces, one at a time, and place them on the mask. Cover the entire front of the mask and all of the edges. Let the mask dry completely. (It may take a day or two.)Step 4 Paint the mask and let it dry.After You Have Finished:        You can hang the mask on a wall as a decoration or make holes in the sides (with an adult’s help), tie a piece of yarn to each hole, and wear the mask as part of a costume for a made-up drama.
答案:

2
题目:desire
答案:desire

3
题目:contain
答案:contain

4
题目:粗糙的
答案:B. rough

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Paint the mask and let it dry. 
答案:A. 变干

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Cover the entire front of the mask and all of the edges. 
答案:A. whole

7
题目:celebrat_
答案:celebrat,ion

8
题目:direct_
答案:direct,ion

9
题目:decorat_
答案:decorat,ion

10
题目:把罐子从上到下切成两半。
答案:Cut the jug in half from the top to the bottom.

11
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。
Many people from all over the world enjoy ### (make) masks. 
答案:making

12
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Use sandpaper ### (smooth) all rough edges of the mask.
答案:to smooth

13
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

### (在大人的帮助下), cut holes for the eyes and a hole for the mouth. 
答案:With an adult's help

