1
题目:Ender’s Game        Aliens (外星人) have attacked Earth twice and almost destroyed the human beings. We couldn’t lose anymore. Therefore, the world government has started to train military geniuses (军事天才) in the arts of war. Ender Wiggin is taking part in this training. He wins all the games. He knows time is running out but can he save the planet? It is a good science fiction for boys.Hatchet        It is the story of a boy named Brian. On a trip to the Canadian oilfields to spend the summer with his dad, the pilot of the Cessna he is traveling in suffers a heart attack and dies. Brian must land the plane in the forest. Brian learns to exist in the forest. He faces many dangers including hunger, animal attacks, and even a tornado (龙卷风). Ball Don’t Lie        Sticky, 17, is from the streets and has had a hard life so far. But, his hope for his life to be good and get better is basketball. His basketball skills may be his ticket to a better life. This book is encouraging, and raises questions about race and the difficulties in getting ahead in life when you’ve had a bad start.Crackback        Miles Manning likes to please people, his father, his coach, and his friends. He is a starter on a winning football team that is favored to win the match and have a chance to go to state. However, everybody is pressing Miles to be bigger, stronger and faster, including his new head coach, his strict father, and his best friend. She        A college professor and his young student follow instructions on a broken pottery shard (陶瓷碎片) that lead them to a fabled (传说中的) lost city in the jungles (丛林) of Africa, where they encounter She Who Must Be Obeyed, the ruler of the land.
答案:

2
题目:attack
答案:attack

3
题目:遵从；听从
答案:B. follow

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

He is a starter on a winning football team that is favored to win the match.    
答案:B. 青睐

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Brian learns to exist in the forest.
答案:A. survive

6
题目:instruct_
答案:instruct,ion

7
题目:他的篮球技术可能是他过上更好生活的门票。
###
答案:His basketball skills may be his ticket to a better life.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

This book is ### (encourage), and raises questions about race and the difficulties in getting ahead in life when you’ve had a bad start.
答案:encouraging

9
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

The pilot of the Cessna he is traveling in ### (心脏病突发) and dies.
答案:suffers a heart attack

