1
题目:    Many people think that hippos (河马) are cute and funny-looking. They are really fat and they have short, thick legs. They also have little round ears that wiggle (摆动) sometimes.    Hippos look funny, but you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. Hippos are extremely violent and dangerous. In fact, they kill more people than any other animal in Africa. Think of how many dangerous animals that Africa has. It has got crocodiles, snakes, lions, elephants, and many more. Hippos are more dangerous than all of them.    Hippos are naturally very dangerous animals, but there are some situations that make them even more dangerous than normal. They are very territorial. That means that they stay in one area which they consider to be their private area. If a person or animal enters a hippo’s area, the hippo will attack. Hippos also often attack when they are returning to the water. Hippos eat on land and return to the water at dusk. If a hippo sees an animal when it’s returning to the water, it will become violent.    Hippos are so strong that they often kill crocodiles. There are two reasons that explain why hippos and crocodiles often fight. First of all, hippos and crocodiles live in the same areas. Since hippos are territorial, they don’t like having crocodiles nearby. Also, crocodiles often eat young hippos. For that reason, adult hippos frequently kill crocodiles.    Mother and daughter hippos have close relationships. However, hippos don’t have any other close relationship with each other. Hippos often live together in large groups, but scientists don’t know why. It’s hard to study the behavior of male and female hippos, because males and females look the same.    Hippos are violent, but they are herbivores. A herbivore is an animal that eats only plants. An adult hippo eats about 50 kilograms of plants every day. Hippos are much more comfortable in the water, but they can run fast on land. Their top speed is about 19 kilometers per hour. That’s much faster than humans can run.
答案:

2
题目:frequently
答案:frequently

3
题目:暴力的
答案:A. violent

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Hippos are naturally very dangerous animals.
答案:C. 天生地

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

If a person or animal enters a hippo’s area, the hippo will attack.
答案:B. 领地

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Hippos are extremely violent and dangerous.
答案:B. very

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Hippos are much more ### (comfort) in the water, but they can run fast on land.
答案:comfortable

8
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Hippos look funny, but you shouldn’t ### (以貌取人).
答案:judge a book by its cover

