1
题目:        One day, when I was going to check in at an airport, I noticed there was a big problem. The counter person was telling everyone that all the planes were having problems and they would not be able to fly! And it was suggested that a bus would be provided to take us to Seattle. Everyone was worried, as we only had an hour and a half to make the connecting flight, and the bus was not even at the airport yet.
        Finally, the bus pulled up, and the driver said, “They just pulled me out of bed after an all-night shift (夜班), and they expect me to get you to Seattle in time to catch your flight. Good luck!”
        Needless to say, everyone was in a really bad mood. I was loading my baggage into the bus and had slung (挂) my banjo over my back when the bus driver said, “What? Are you going to play that in my bus?” “Well, really did not plan on it,” I replied. “I was only kidding,” said the driver. But I started thinking about it, and I pulled out the banjo. A worried, angry woman said, “Well, what if I don’t like it?” “Then tell me and I’ll stop,” I replied.
        We drove off, and the tension made the atmosphere inside the bus horrendous! Then I started plucking (弹奏) the old standard Blue Skies. In a few minutes, I noticed everyone was singing along. I started to sing, too, and before long, the whole bus burst into song.
        One song led to another. Everyone laughed and sang, with food passed around the bus, and before long, the airport was in sight.
        The bus driver called, “We made it! We never would have done it without the help of our banjo player.” Shouts of approval rang through the bus. People exchanged addresses and invitations to visit, and a few exchanged hugs.
        A few weeks later, my mailbox was filled with letters from my new friends. Their letters reminded me of how, by reaching out with just a song or a bit of friendship, you can turn a very tense situation into a peaceful experience — a magical, musical bus ride.
答案:

2
题目:situation
答案:situation

3
题目:情绪
答案:B. mood

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Everyone was worried, as we only had an hour and a half to make the connecting flight.
答案:B. 到达

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Shouts of approval rang through the bus.
答案:C. 回响

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Everyone laughed and sang, with food passed around the bus, and before long, the
airport was in sight.

答案:B. soon

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

### (Need) to say, everyone was in a really bad mood.
答案:Needless

8
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

A few weeks later, my mailbox was  ### (装满了信) from my new friends.
答案:filled with letters

9
题目:要是我不喜欢会怎么样呢？
答案:What if I don’t like it?

