1
题目:        This may look like a mud-covered swamp (沼泽) creature, but it's actually a kid enjoying Mud Day, an annual summer tradition at Nankin Mills Park in Wayne County, Michigan. Each July, thousands of people play in a 21 by 46 meter mud-filled hole.      “It's been one of the county's most successful events,” says Beth Hughes, a representative of Wayne County. “The kids just love it.”         It might look like a lot of fun to dive into a huge pool of mud. But is this dirty activity safe? In general, mud is mostly harmless, says Steven Davis, a doctor in San Antonio, Texas. But mud can contain things like bacteria that can cause infections. If you're planning on diving into the mud anytime soon, try to avoid getting it in your mouth, eyes, or nose, warns Davis. Also, wash off really well when you are finished. And if you have an open cut, the safest bet is to just stay out of the mud.        In some cases, covering your body with mud can actually be a good thing. Some mud, like that from the Dead Sea in the middle East, is rich in elements (元素) that could be beneficial for the skin, such as calcium, magnesium and zinc. It's also why some spas (休闲健身中心) offer mud baths as a beauty treatment.      “One of the reasons why people lie in the Dead Sea or cover themselves in mud is that the minerals in it may reduce swelling,” says Davis. A layer of mud may also act as a seal on the skin to trap in moisture (水分). Besides that, the warmth of a mud bath just makes people feel good.
答案:

2
题目:contain
答案:contain

3
题目:避免
答案:B. avoid

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

If you have an open cut, the safest bet is to just stay out of the mud.
答案:B. 伤口

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

A layer of mud may also act as a seal on the skin to trap in moisture.
答案:B. 充当

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Some mud, like that from the Dead Sea in the middle East, is rich in elements that could be beneficial for the skin.
答案:B. helpful

7
题目:success_
答案:success,ful

8
题目:最保险的做法是远离泥。
答案:The safest bet is to just stay out of the mud.

9
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

It’s also why some spas offer mud baths as a beauty ### (treat).
答案:treatment

