1
题目:        Nyota had just arrived at the school's track and put on her volunteer name tag (标签) when her best friend, Lily, approached. “I'm sorry that you can't participate in the track meet today,” said Lily.    “I am, too,” Nyota replied, gazing (盯着) at the track in front of her. Nyota had fallen and hurt her wrist the previous week while training for the long jump, so she was volunteering to sell soft drinks instead of competing along with her teammates.        Nyota wished Lily good luck and watched her friend walked quickly to the track as the audience started to arrive. Nyota knew she should head over to the concession stand (营业摊点), but she kept staring at the place where she had fallen. “What's the point of being here?” Nyota thought to herself.        Just then, she heard a friendly voice behind her say, “Hello, Nyota! Can you help me find a seat?” It was Mrs Ogaz, Lily's grandmother, whom Nyota knew well. “I want to sit up high so I can see, but I need help going up the stairs.”      “I would love to help you, Mrs Ogaz,” replied Nyota.        Mrs Ogaz leaned on Nyota's good arm as they carefully climbed up the bleachers (露天看台) to a spot with a great view of the finish line. “Thank you so much! You're very helpful.” Mrs Ogaz's comment lifted Nyota's spirits.        Nyota hurried over to the concession stand and started selling soft drinks. Before she knew it, the track meet was over. After the last winner had accepted his ribbon, the head teacher made an announcement to thank all of the student volunteers who had helped out at the meet. Nyota turned and caught sight of Mrs Ogaz, who had a huge smile on her face.
答案:

2
题目:participate
答案:participate

3
题目:volunteer
答案:volunteer

4
题目:意图；目的
答案:B. point

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Nyota had just arrived at the school’s track and put on her volunteer name tag when her best friend, Lily, approached.
答案:B. 跑道

6
题目:announce_
答案:announce,ment

7
题目:还没等她反应过来，径赛运动会已经结束了。
答案:Before she knew it, the track meet was over.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Nyota had fallen and hurt her wrist the previous week while ### (train) for the long jump.
答案:training

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Nyota turned and caught sight of Mrs Ogaz, who had ### (灿烂的微笑) on her face.
答案:a huge smile

