1
题目:Assistant Professor, Musical Theatre Dance
        Wichita State University seeks a full-time, 9-month assistant professor, beginning in August. Applicants are required to have a degree in dance area, teaching experience at a professional or college level, ability to direct and teach stage movement. The salary depends on qualifications and experience.
       For complete information, visit http://finearts.wichita.edu.
Full Professor in Theatre and Dance
        The Department of Theatre & Dance at the University of California at San Diego (http://www-theatre.ucsd.edu/) is seeking an experienced theatre artist in lighting design. Applicants must work for us for at least 10 months. Significant
professional experience is required. This position is expected to teach at both graduate and undergraduate levels.
        A review of applications will start on June 1st. Application deadline: September 1st.
Technical Director in Performing and Fine Arts
        DeSales University’s Performing and Fine Arts Department seeks a highly skilled, professional technical director. The position is a 10-month staff position with the possibility of summer employment with The Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival. Professional experience is required; MFA is preferred.
        Please email materials to john.bell@desales.edu. Screening of applications begins immediately and will continue until the position is filled.
Assistant Director — Media Resources Center
        Maryland Institute College of Art is seeking an Assistant Director of Media Resources Center in the Academic Affairs Division.
        Qualifications for the position include a degree in Art History or related fields with a knowledge of art and design history, library experience, excellent interpersonal and communication skills and familiarity with Photoshop and scanning.
        A review of applications will begin immediately; job announcements will remain open until the position is filled. Applicants are required to work for us for at least 11 months. They can send emails to jobs@mica.edu. The salary differs depending on your experience. Please include your desired salary in your application letter.
答案:

