1
题目:        One day, on a small farm in Maine, a man sat in a barn (谷仓) watching a large grey spider spin a web. The man was E·B·White. E·B·— or Andy, as he was called — thought spiders were wonderful creatures. He thought that one day he might like to write a children's book about a spider.        But writing was hard work for Andy. He had written many articles and essays and poems. He had also written one children's book, Stuart Little. But Andy could never just rush to turn an idea into an article or a book. He told his editor that he needed to let his ideas “ripen”.        So for years, Andy continued to think about writing a children's book about a spider. He did some of his best thinking while he wandered around his farm.        Once while he was cleaning his barn, he found a spider's egg sac (卵囊). Andy wanted to see the eggs hatch (孵化). But he was scheduled to leave for a trip to New York City. So he found a small box and carefully placed the egg sac inside. When he got to his hotel, he put the box on the dresser. One morning he woke up, and there were hundreds of baby spiders rushing across the dresser!        Years later, Andy finally began writing Charlotte's Web, the story of a spider named Charlotte and a pig named Wilbur. Andy created most of the book sitting by himself in the tiny boathouse of his farm.        Sometimes he stopped writing and aimlessly drew pictures of spiders. Andy always said Charlotte's Web was more than just a children's story about animals. It was a timeless story about true friendship.
答案:

2
题目:creature
答案:creature

3
题目:friendship
答案:friendship

4
题目:文章
答案:B. article

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

He told his editor that he needed to let his ideas“ripen”.
答案:B. 成熟

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

He found a small box and carefully placed the egg sac inside.
答案:B. put

7
题目:time_
答案:time,less

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Sometimes he stopped writing and ### (aimless) drew pictures of spiders.
答案:aimlessly

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

He ### (计划) leave for a trip to New York City.
答案:was scheduled to

