1
题目:        In 1867 when Canada was created, a towering Silver Maple tree standing in front of Alexander Muir’s house in Toronto gave him an idea. He would write a poem and a song about the great tree, so common in Canada and so symbolic, to celebrate Canada’s Confederation (联邦).        His song was called The Maple Leaf Forever and it has been the unofficial Canadian anthem (国歌) to this day.        Last July during a major storm, the tree was knocked down. It fell across a house and a street. But because it was an important historic tree, most of the wood was saved rather than being destroyed.        Recently woodworkers at The Evergreen Brick Works in Toronto, a community projects centre, cut the wood into logs and other usable pieces. The pieces were given to artists to create about 150 different projects.        One artist took a piece of tree. On it, he’ll carve (雕刻) a series of historical Canadian scenes. Another wood carver is making beautiful round wooden bowls. Yet another made an interesting candlestick from the tree’s branches.        Other woodworkers are making wood wig stands (假发架) for cancer patients who lose their hair. Still others are taking small pieces of wood and making them into pens. And some of the wood was made into gavels (小木槌) to be used by Toronto’s city councilors (市议员).        Some of the projects will be on public show while some will be personally owned.        The people in Toronto who lived near the tree for years and tried to protect it from harm were very sad to see the old tree go. But they are glad to see that their maple tree will live forever in the hearts and homes of many people.
答案:

2
题目:cancer
答案:cancer

3
题目:高大的；高耸的   
答案:C. towering

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

One artist took a piece of tree. On it, he’ll carve a series of historical Canadian scenes.
答案:B. 场景

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

The people in Toronto who lived near the tree for years and tried to protect it from harm were very sad to see the old tree go.     
答案:C. 消失；不见

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Last July during a major storm, the tree was knocked down.	  
答案:B. blown down

7
题目:有些项目将公开展出，有些则归个人所有。
答案:Some of the projects will be on public show while some will be personally owned.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

He would write a poem and a song about the great tree, so common in Canada and so ### (symbol), to celebrate Canada’s Confederation.
答案:symbolic

