1
题目:      At the end of the fifteenth century, Western explorers began looking for the Northwest Passage — a water route through the Arctic that is north of the Canadian mainland and connects the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. Early in the nineteenth century, a passage was discovered, but it proved to be covered in ice and impossible to sail through.Recently, however, the situation has begun to change.        In August 2007, scientist confirmed that Arctic sea ice had shrunk (缩小) to its lowest levels since records were kept. As a result, the entire length of the Northwest Passage was ice-free and suitable for ships to sail through for the entire month that August. Why did this happen? The answer is believed to be global warming. The planet’s rising temperatures caused Arctic ice to melt at a rate faster than scientists had predicted.        Because sea ice is white and reflective, most of the sun’s rays bounce off its surface. When sea ice melts, however, dark ocean waters are not covered in ice. These dark waters absorb the sun’s light instead of reflecting it, which causes the water to warm. In warmer water, new ice has trouble forming, which then causes more ice to melt and less ice to form in the years to come.        Scientists are not predicting that the Northwest Passage will be open year-round in the foreseeable future. Global warming has no effect on the tilt (倾斜) of Earth’s axis (轴), which is what makes winter in the Arctic extremely harsh (恶劣的). But if global warming continues, sailors of the future may one day be able to claim on the Northwest Passage for good.
答案:

2
题目:predict
答案:predict

3
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Early in the nineteenth century, a passage was discovered, but it proved to be covered in ice and impossible to sail through.
答案:C. 航道

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

In August 2007, scientist confirmed that Arctic sea ice had shrunk to its lowest levels since records were kept.
答案:C. 证实

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

When sea ice melts, however, dark ocean waters are not covered in ice.
答案:C. 水域

6
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Because sea ice is white and reflective, most of the sun’s rays bounce off its surface.
答案:A. 反光的

7
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

But if global warming continues, sailors of the future may one day be able to claim on the Northwest Passage for good.
答案:B. 永远

8
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

### (结果), the entire length of the Northwest Passage was ice-free and suitable for ships to sail through for the entire month that August.
答案:As a result

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

In warmer water, new ice has trouble forming, which then causes more ice to melt and less ice to form ### (在未来几年里).
答案:in the years to come

