1
题目:        Do you still remember a time when the product you bought isn’t what you had planned to buy before? Some sort of propaganda (宣传) influenced you to make that decision. That thing has a name and it’s called persuasion, a process which aims to change one’s attitude, behavior, beliefs, intention and principles. Persuasion is a very powerful weapon that can be used wisely in all types of businesses, presentations and public speeches. So it’s necessary to master the art of persuasion.        There are many benefits of mastering the art of persuasion. Firstly, it can help you convince and encourage people of your class. By mastering the art of persuasion, you can change a person’s attitude towards something. We often convince our parents to spend some money and buy us cars, cinema tickets and beautiful clothes. You steer (驾驭) all these actions by using effectively the art of persuasion. Most of us don’t even realize that our lives are getting influenced by persuasion.        Secondly, it can help you succeed in a job interview. When you apply for a job, you know there are thousands of applicants for the same job you’re eager to get. The only way to stand out from thousands of interviewees for that particular job is by applying persuasion to nail that job. You sell yourself to him, convince your interviewer that he won’t find somebody like you elsewhere and he’ll look to you in a brighter way than the others.        Thirdly, it can help you succeed in your business. The business world today is getting larger and more competitive and it doesn’t fit everyone. Only the ones who can master the art of persuasion are able to succeed. Persuasion in business can be applied through several ways, such as propaganda and advertising. Therefore, you should realize that persuasion is quite helpful in selling more products or services and can help you succeed in all types of businesses.        Lastly, it can help you avoid being persuaded by other people. Can you recall the product that you bought in a shop that seemed to be very useful and cost-effective at first glance and made you change your view upon it, but after a while you realized that you wasted your money for something worthless? I know you remember it. And that was a successful attempt of persuasion. You could have prevented that purchase if you mastered the art of persuasion by making the right decision with a reasonable response.
答案:

2
题目:influence
答案:influence

3
题目:意图
答案:B. intention

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。  

The product made you change your view upon it.
答案:B. 看法

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Can you recall the product that you bought in a shop that seemed to be very useful and cost-effective at first glance.
答案:B. recollect

6
题目:worth_
答案:worth,less

7
题目:掌握说服他人的技巧十分必要。
答案:It’s necessary to master the art of persuasion.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

The business world today is getting larger and more ### (compete).
答案:competitive

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

The only way to ### (脱颖而出) from thousands of interviewees for that particular job is by applying persuasion to nail that job.
答案:stand out

