1
题目:        American writer Toni Morrison was born in Ohio in 1931. She was raised in an African American family filled with songs and stories of Southern myths (神话故事), which later shaped her prose (散文). Her happy family life led to her excellent performance in school, although there was an atmosphere of racial discrimination (种族歧视) in the society.
        After graduating from college, Morrison started to work as a teacher and got married in 1958. Several years later, her marriage began to fail. For a short-term escape, she joined a small writers’ group, in which each member was required to bring a story or poem for discussion. She wrote a story based on the life of a girl she knew in childhood who wished for blue eyes. The story was well received by the group, but then she put it away, thinking she was done with it.
        In 1964, Morrison ended her marriage and devoted herself to writing. One day, she dusted off the story she had written for the writers’ group and decided to make it into a novel. She drew on her memories from childhood and expanded upon them using her imagination so that the characters developed a life of their own. The Bluest Eye was eventually published in 1970. 
        From 1970 to 1992, Morrison published five more novels. In her novels, Morrison brings in different elements (要素) of the African American past, their struggles,problems and cultural memory. In Song of Solomon, for example, Morrison tells the story of an African American man and his search for identity in his culture. The novels and other works won her several prizes. In 1993, Morrison received the Nobel Prize in Literature. She is the eighth woman and the first African American woman to win the honor.
答案:

2
题目:atmosphere
答案:atmosphere

3
题目:影响
答案:B. shape

4
题目:发表
答案:A. publish

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

She drew on her memories from childhood and expanded upon them using her imagination.
答案:C. 动用

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

She was raised in an African American family.
答案:B. brought up

7
题目:discuss_
答案:discuss,ion

8
题目:她幸福的家庭生活使她在学校成绩优异。
###
答案:Her happy family life led to her excellent performance in school.

9
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

She wrote a story ### (base) on the life of a girl she knew in childhood who wished for blue eyes.
答案:based

10
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

The novels and other works ### (为她赢得了几个奖项).
答案:won her several prizes

