1
题目:       Have you ever had trouble trying to choose a gift? Perhaps you need a birthday present for someone who is hard to please. How about clothing? You might be worried about choosing the wrong size, color, or style. Books or DVDs? You may not know enough about the person’s likes, dislikes, and interests. And giving money may not seem right. Well, how about a gift card?        A gift card is a card that is issued (发行) by a certain store. It’s worth a certain amount of money. It looks like a credit card (信用卡), but it actually works like cash. A gift-card holder can spend the amount of money noted on the card in the store that issued it. These cards are big money makers. One reason is that when gift-card holders go to the store, they often see other things to buy, and they end up spending more money than the gift card is worth. Unused cards are another big source of revenue (收益).         Gift cards are becoming extremely popular in many countries around the world. Why? People love the convenience — cards are easy to buy and easy to use, either in the store or online. The receiver can select his or her own gift, and the giver doesn’t have to worry about finding just the right thing.        Receiving a gift card, however, is not the same as receiving a gift. An actual gift is a better reminder of the person who gave it. It helps us appreciate the thought and effort that went into the choice. The message of a real gift is more likely to be, “I spent some time trying to find the right gift for you because I care about you.”        Often a gift card doesn't pass on the same message as an actual gift. It may seem to say, “I was in a hurry. I didn't have time to think about what you really like.” In today's busy world, gift cards are certainly convenient. However, they can make us forget the real purpose of giving gifts, which is to build a closer bond (联系) between the gift-giver and the gift-receiver.
答案:

2
题目:amount
答案:amount

3
题目:使满意
答案:B. please

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思.
It helps us appreciate the thought and effort that went into the choice.
答案:A. 理解

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。
Have you ever had trouble trying to choose a gift?
答案:A. present

6
题目:remind_
答案:remind,er

7
题目:然而，收到礼品卡和收到礼物是不一样的。
答案:Receiving a gift card is not the same as receiving a gift.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。
People love the ### (convenient) — cards are easy to buy and easy to use.
答案:convenience

9
题目:根据所给汉语完成句子。
I spent some time trying to ### (为你找到合适的礼物) because I care about you.
答案:find the right gift for you

