1
题目: Look around a modern day classroom today, and you will certainly note many changes from the classrooms of the past. Overhead chalkboards have been replaced; desks rarely feature a piece of paper, but rather a computer monitor. In addition, the days of taking notes, filling out tests, and writing reports with a pen or pencil in hand are completely obsolete, exchanged for keyboards.    In more than 40 states throughout America, handwriting is no longer considered an essential part of the curriculum, and none of the major standardized tests require any type of handwriting. Instead, keyboarding skills have taken precedence (优先). The ability to write on the paper is now outdated; the ability to type at least 50 words per minute has taken precedence.    The age-old tradition of handwriting is not going quietly in some parts of the nation as at least four states have gone to their legislature (立法机关) with bills mandating (指示) instruction in handwriting in public schools. Advocates of keeping handwriting skills as part of a curriculum point to a lot of evidence to support their stand. According to their studies, handwriting training helps young students develop hand-eye coordination (协调) and fine motor skills, and even improve overall memory. Additional studies have indicated that students who wrote by hand not only wrote faster than on a standard keyboard, but also wrote higher quality sentences.    Opponents of handwriting in the classroom, however, point out that today’s generations of students have been keyboarding since before they attended kindergarten. This form of communication is part of how their brains operate, and many find the feel of a pen or pencil in their hands uncomfortable, and generally unpleasant. Keyboarding is quicker, freeing up precious time to work on other projects, and is, inarguably, the preferred communication method of the modern student.
答案:

2
题目:essential
答案:essential

3
题目:质量；品质
答案:B. quality

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Advocates of keeping handwriting skills as part of a curriculum point to a lot of evidence to support their stand.
答案:B. 立场

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

The age-old tradition of handwriting is not going quietly in some parts of the nation.
答案:C. 消失

6
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

At least four states have gone to their legislature with bills mandating instruction in handwriting in public schools.
答案:C. 议案

7
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

The ability to write on the paper is now outdated.
答案:B. old-fashioned

8
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Keyboarding is quicker, ### (腾出) precious time to work on other projects.
答案:freeing up

9
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

This form of ### (communicate) is part of how their brains operate.
答案:communication

