1
题目:A journalist was sent to cover the conference.
答案:A. 报道

2
题目:— Do you have enough to ________ all your daily expenses?
— Oh yes, enough and to spare.
答案:B. cover

3
题目:The ground is covered _______ snow and ice, which makes driving very dangerous. 
答案:A. with

4
题目:cover
答案:cover

5
题目:perform
答案:perform

6
题目:The machine is performing very poorly.
答案:B. 运转

7
题目:_form
答案:per,form

8
题目:
答案:B. perform

9
题目:I have never seen a Shakespeare's play ###  (perform) so wonderfully.
答案:performed

10
题目:He often  ### (做实验) in the lab. (perform)
答案:performs an experiment|performs experiments

11
题目:analyse
答案:analyse

12
题目:With his help, we've learned how to analyse and settle problems.
答案:A. 分析

13
题目:在阳光下暴露太久对皮肤有伤害。
答案:Being exposed to sunlight for too much time will do harm to one's skin.

14
题目:我们想让孩子尽量多地接受艺术和文化的熏陶。
答案:We want to expose the kids to as much art and culture as possible.

15
题目:学英语十年了，我擅长英语。(expose)
答案:Having been exposed to English for 10 years, I have a good command of English.

16
题目:publish
答案:publish

17
题目:Sue Wood was only nine when her first short story was published.
答案:B. 出版

18
题目:His first novel has received good reviews since it came out last month.
答案:C. 出版

19
题目:live
答案:live

20
题目:I've got to put this cream on twice a day.
答案:A. 抹

21
题目:He's put on a lot of weight.
答案:A. 增加

22
题目:Remember to  ### (穿上) more clothes to keep warm.
答案:put on

23
题目:他的体重增加了很多。
答案:He's put on a lot of weight.

24
题目:“异域文化”专栏刊登外国友人写的关于他们国家文化的文章。
答案:The 'Foreign Cultures' section carries articles written by foreign friends about the cultures of their home countries.

25
题目:section
答案:section

26
题目:Read the passage again and divide it into three sections.
答案:A. 部分

27
题目:She spread her arms and the child ran towards her.
答案:A. 张开

28
题目:The news  ### (spread) quickly on the Internet.
答案:spread|was spread

29
题目:She ###  (张开双臂) and the child ran towards her.
答案:spread her arms

30
题目:她是那种用微笑给别人带来阳光的女人。
答案:She is the sort of woman to spread sunshine to people through her smile.

31
题目:                                                    Open Letter to an Editor
    I had an interesting conversation with a reporter recently — one who works for you. In fact, he's one of your best reporters. He wants to leave.
    Your reporter gave me a copy of his resume (简历) and photocopies of six stories that he wrote for you. The headlines showed you played them proudly. With great enthusiasm, he talked about how he finds issues (问题), approaches them, and writes about them, which tells me he is one of your best. I'm sure you would hate to lose him. 
    Surprisingly, your reporter is not unhappy. In fact, he told me he really likes his job. He has a great assignment (分工), and said you run a great paper. It would be easy for you to keep him, he said. He knows that the paper values him. He appreciates the responsibility you've given him, takes ownership of his profession, and enjoys his freedom.
    So why is he looking for a way out?
    He talked to me because he wants his editors to demand so much more of him. He wants to be pushed, challenged, coached to new heights.
    The reporter believes that good stories spring from good questions, but his editors usually ask how long the story will be, when it will be in, where it can play, and what the budget is.
He longs for conversations with an editor who will help him turn his good ideas into great ones. He wants someone to get excited about what he's doing and to help him turn his story idea upside down and inside out, exploring the best ways to report it. He wants to be more valuable for your paper. That's what you want for him, too, isn't it?
    So your reporter has set me thinking.
    Our best hope in keeping our best reporters, copy editors, photographers, artists — everyone — is to work harder to make sure they get the help they are demanding to reach their potential. If we can't do it, they'll find someone who can.
答案:

