1
题目:        Most people agree that we should protect traditional practices. Everyone has the right to live the way they want to live. However, should we fight to protect every traditional practice? Are all tradition practices good? No culture is perfect. Every culture has some practices that are unfair.        For example, in traditional Indian culture there is something called the caste (社会等级) system. A caste is a person’s social level. If a person in India is born in a rich family, then he or she is in a high caste. That person will have a comfortable life and a good education. If a person is born in a lower caste, that person will have a very difficult life and no education. In some parts of India, it’s impossible to leave your caste. If you are born in low caste, you will stay there for the rest of your life, no matter how hard you work. There is even a group called the untouchables. These people are the lowest caste. People think they’re so dirty that nobody should touch them. This is part of traditional heritage. Should we protect it?        In the USA, women didn’t get the right to vote until the year 1919. Many men didn’t want women to vote. They said that in traditional American culture, only men should control the country.        It is important to protect traditional culture, but it’s also important for every culture to grow and improve. Most traditional practices should be protected, but some should not. We must decide which practices we should keep, and which ones we should forget about forever.
答案:

2
题目:protect
答案:protect

3
题目:control
答案:control

4
题目:投票
答案:B. vote

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Most traditional practices should be protected, but some should not.
答案:C. 习俗

6
题目:tradition_
答案:tradition,al

7
题目:comfort_
答案:comfort,able

8
题目:每个人都有权利以自己想要的方式生活。
答案:Everyone has the right to live the way they want to live.

9
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

It’s also important for every culture ### (grow) and improve.
答案:to grow

10
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

If a person in India ### (生在富裕家庭), then he or she is in a high caste.
答案:is born in a rich family

