1
题目:        One day when I was five, my mother scolded me for not finishing my rice and I got angry. I wanted to play outside and not be made to finish eating my old rice. In my angry movement to open the screen door with my foot, I had kicked back about a 12-inch part of the lower left hand corner of the new screen door. But I had no remorse, for I was happy to be playing in the backyard with my toys.        Today, I know if my child had done what I did, I would have scolded my child, and told him about how expensive this new screen door was, and I would have delivered a spanking (打屁股) for such behavior. My parents never said a word. They left the corner of the screen door pushed out, creating an opening, a breach (裂缝) in the defense against unwanted insects.         For years, every time I saw that corner of the screen, it would constantly remind me of my mistake. For years, I knew that everyone in my family would see that hole and remember who did it. For years, every time I saw a fly buzzing in the kitchen, I would wonder if it came in through the hole that I had created with my angry foot. I would wonder if my family members were thinking the same thing, silently blaming me every time a flying insect entered our home, making life more terrible for us all.         My parents taught me a valuable lesson, one that a spanking or stern (严厉的) words perhaps could not deliver. Their silent punishment for my behavior delivered a hundred stern messages to me. Above all, it has helped me become a more patient person and not burst out so easily.
答案:

2
题目:deliver
答案:deliver

3
题目:behavior
答案:behavior

4
题目:scold
答案:scold

5
题目:blame
答案:blame

6
题目:创造
答案:B. create

7
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

They left the corner of the screen door pushed out.
答案:A. 使处于（某种状态）

8
题目:move_
答案:move,ment

9
题目:punish_
答案:punish,ment

10
题目:父母给了我一个宝贵的教训。
答案:My parents taught me a valuable lesson.

11
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

Every time I saw that corner of the screen, it would constantly ### (使我想起我的错误).
答案:remind me of my mistake

12
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

It has helped me become a more patient person and not ### (轻易爆发).
答案:burst out so easily

