1
题目:The Adventure Category• Adventure stories are dominated (主宰) by action.• They involve danger, risk, and excitement.• If the action is presented humorously, as in Twain’s Adventure’s of Tom Sawyer or Lofting’s Doctor Dolittle series, the danger is softened.• The action is fast-paced.• Adventure stories are sometimes set in attractive or distant places as in Kipling’s Kim (India), Haggard’s King Solomon’s Mines (Africa), or Ballantyne’s Coral Island (the south Pacific).• Events in an adventure story are more extraordinary than in everyday life.• The main character in adventure stories has traditionally been male, but that is changing.• The main character can be of extraordinary reputation.• In the best stories, adventures change the hero.• Empire-building is frequently associated with earlier adventure stories.SubtypesMagic adventure• The adventures take place in a magic place.• Magic adventure stories are characterized by more extraordinary events than classic adventure tales since the story is not limited to reality.Robinsonade• The main character must learn to survive alone on a desert island.• The main character has a limited number of resources and begins life on the island by taking an inventory of these.• He or she builds a shelter.• The main character usually builds a boat and tries to leave the island. The first attempt is often unsuccessful.• He or she builds a fire to signal for help.• When the main character is finally able to leave the island, he or she has mixed feelings about returning to society.Survival• This type of story usually resembles the Robinsonade tale but the setting is not an island.Sea adventure• The main character sails to a strange or unknown place.• This type of adventure is associated with pirates, shipwrecks, storms at sea, and treasure hunting.
答案:

2
题目:adventure
答案:adventure

3
题目:名声
答案:B. reputation

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。
 
The main character must learn to survive alone on a desert island.
答案:B. 人物

5
题目:选出能替换凸显部分的单词或短语。

Empire-building is frequently associated with earlier adventure stories.
答案:B. often

6
题目:_known
答案:un,known

7
题目:第一次尝试通常都是不成功的。
答案:The first attempt is often unsuccessful.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

The main character has a ### (limit) number of resources and begins life on the island by taking an inventory of these.
答案:limited

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

When the main character is finally able to leave the island, he or she has ### (复杂的心情) about returning to society.
答案:mixed feelings

