1
题目:        You might not always be able to see the latest exhibition in Paris or London or New York or Sydney. You might not be able to hear in person the wonderful new music coming out of Africa or India. But as a subscriber (订户) to The Guardian Weekly you’ll catch up with the latest trends and events in the arts, music and film.        One week you might be reading about a film-maker working with the explorers of an Indonesia volcano, another about the women photographers breaking through social barriers (障碍) in Iran, or about a new exhibition of Old Masters in Amsterdam.         The Guardian Weekly is read by almost 200,000 people in over 100 countries. Coming from all backgrounds and ways of life, The Guardian Weekly readers are often enthusiastic contributors (奉献者) to society. Indeed, Nelson Mandela read The Guardian Weekly while he was in prison, describing it in his autobiography (自传) as a “window on the wider world”.        This offer represents a completely risk-free promise; no money will be taken from your account. If after four weeks you decide that The Guardian Weekly isn’t for you, just cancel your subscription.         As a subscriber you’ll also be able to read the Weekly online in its digital (数字的) form from the afternoon that it is printed, and to access an archive (存档) of former editions in digital form.         As a regular reader said, “Some people go to church each week for a spiritual recharge — or to their psychiatrist (心理医生). Whereas every seven days, without fail, I go to The Guardian Weekly. You get much more reliable information. And the treatment is better!”
答案:

2
题目:promise
答案:promise

3
题目:代表
答案:B. represent

4
题目:选出下列句子中突显词的汉语释义。
I take Amy as my best friend. However, she was mad at me over a tiny thing this morning. 
答案:B. 由于

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

As a subscriber you’ll also be able to access an archive of former editions in digital form.
答案:B. obtain

6
题目:exhibit_
答案:exhibit,ion

7
题目:不会从你的账户里扣钱。
答案:No money will be taken from your account.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

You might not be able to hear in person the ### (wonder) new music coming out of Africa or India.
答案:wonderful

9
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

You get much more reliable information. And ### (治疗效果更好)!
答案:the treatment is better

