1
题目:        People have used pigeons to carry messages to one another for hundreds of
years. In fact, pigeons were a common way to send messages right up through World
War II.         In 1815, English troops were fighting Napoleon’s forces in France, and the English
were believed to be losing. A financial panic swept over London. Government bonds (债券)
were offered at low prices. Few people noticed that Nathan Rothschild, an English banker,
was snapping up these bonds when everyone else was desperately trying to sell them. A
few days later, London learned the truth: the Duke of Wellington had defeated Napoleon
at the battle of Waterloo. The value of the bonds soared (暴涨), and Rothschild became
wealthy… all because his pigeons had brought him news of the victory before anyone else knew of it.         Carrier pigeons were used by countries in both World War I and World War II. Not only were the birds often the
fastest, most reliable way to send messages, they could also be used to reach soldiers far behind enemy lines, where
radios and field telephone lines were useless. Since they could easily be released from airplanes or ships, every branch
of the armed services used the birds.         Carrying messages could be a dangerous job. Some pigeons performed with such bravery that they became
famous and were even awarded medals. The most famous pigeon of all may have been Cher Ami. Stationed in France
during World War I, he carried twelve important messages for American forces. On his last mission, though wounded,
he carried a message that saved the lives of 194 American soldiers. For his amazing service, he was awarded the
French “Croix de Guerre.”         In a few cases, pigeons even became prisoners of war. In 1918 American forces captured (捕捉到) a pigeon
named The Kaiser, which had been trained to fly special missions for Germany, during battle. He was taken to
America, where he lived to the age of 32.         Today, modern communication methods can carry information from one place to another hundreds of times faster
than a pigeon could do it. However, few people would argue with the fact that carrier pigeons — especially those that
served in the military — have earned their place in history. 
答案:

2
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

In 1815, English troops were fighting Napoleon’s forces in France, and the English were believed to be losing.
答案:B. 军队

3
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Some pigeons performed with such bravery that they became famous and were even awarded medals.
答案:A. 表现

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Stationed in France during World War I, he carried twelve important messages for American forces.
答案:B. 派驻

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

In 1918 American forces captured a pigeon named The Kaiser, which had been trained to fly special missions for Germany, during battle.
答案:B. 执行

6
题目:金融恐慌席卷了伦敦。
答案:A financial panic swept over London.

7
题目:几百年来，人们一直用鸽子来互相传递信息。
答案:People have used pigeons to carry messages to one another for hundreds of years.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

A few days later, London learned the ### (true): the Duke of Wellington had defeated Napoleon at the battle of Waterloo.
答案:truth

