1
题目:        On Thanksgiving weekend, the Heffelmire family gathered for a meal at their home. After dinner, the family went down to the finished basement to relax except Charlotte’s father, Eric, who was in the garage to fix his truck.
        Around 8 pm, Charlotte decided to check on her dad. She walked through the kitchen. When she opened the side door to the garage, black smoke rose up into the kitchen. She could barely make out her father lying on his back, trapped under the truck. He had removed the front passenger-side tyre and raised the truck on a jack (千斤顶). The truck had slipped off the jack, and now the whole weight of the wheel was on his chest and shoulders.
        Charlotte ran to the front of the truck and struggled to lift it. Eric was still conscious, and he yelled, “You got it! One more try!” She tried again and was able to tip the truck backward just enough for her to pull her dad by the shirt with both hands from under the truck.
        She dragged him across the garage and 20 feet down the driveway. Then she ran back to the garage, which had burst into flames. “I was afraid the car was going to explode,” says Charlotte, so she climbed into the truck, which faced forward, turned the key, and pressed the gas pedal (油门). The car slowly rolled out, the metal wheel scratching loudly against the concrete.
        Safely on the driveway, Charlotte stopped the truck and ran back to the basement. “There’s a fire! Everybody get out!” she yelled as she picked up her three-month-old niece and ran out. Outside, she handed the baby to her mom, and then ran around to the burning garage. She picked up a garden hose (水管) and sprayed the fire while calling 911.
        A few minutes later, firefighters and an ambulance arrived. Charlotte was treated for second-degree burns on both feet and face. Her dad had injuries on his chest and shoulders, as well as minor burns on his face. The garage and the house were damaged but the family survived.
        The Heffelmires are staying in an apartment while their house is rebuilt. “Charlotte is a remarkable kid,” says her dad. Charlotte, however, simply says, “I was saving my family and my house. I wasn’t going to let my dad die.”
答案:

2
题目:struggle
答案:struggle

3
题目:爆炸
答案:B. explode

4
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

She yelled as she picked up her three-month-old niece and ran out.
答案:B. 抱起

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Around 8 pm, Charlotte decided to check on her dad.
答案:B. 核实（是否一切正常）

6
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

She picked up a garden hose  and sprayed the fire while ### (call) 911.
答案:calling

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Charlotte is a ### (remark) kid.
答案:remarkable

8
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

She could barely ### (看清) her father lying on his back.
答案:make out

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Her dad had injuries on his chest and shoulders, as well as ### (轻度烧伤) on his face.
答案:minor burns

