1
题目:        Katie sat on the green bench in the playground and stared at all the children playing together and having fun. It was her third day at school and still no one had spoken to her at playtime. She knew she should go and ask a group of children if she could join in their game, but something was stopping her.        “Oh look, it’s that girl who talks funny,” said a loud voice from across the playground. She looked across to see a small girl with her hair in plaits (发辫) and a bright, unpleasant smile on her face.        “Do you want to come and play with us?” said the girl with plaits, imitating (模仿) Katie’s Irish accent. Katie looked away. Maybe if she just ignored the girl, she would go away.        “Leave her alone, Miranda,” said another girl with curly, blonde hair. “It’s not easy when you’re new.”        “Yeah, you’d know all about not having any friends, wouldn’t you?” Miranda said angrily. Bored, Miranda moved away to carry on her skipping game with her friends.        The girl with blonde hair walked over to Katie.        “Do you want to play hopscotch (跳房子)?” she asked her in a quiet voice.        Katie shrugged (耸肩). “OK,” she said, and smiled, relieved that finally someone was asking her to play.        They played hopscotch for a while. Katie found out the blonde girl’s name was Holly and that she was new as well.        “Where do you come from?” said Holly.        “My family and I just moved from Ireland. It’s not that far away,” said Katie, thinking about how different things were here. In Ireland she had walked down quiet country roads to get to school, listening to the birds singing.  She especially loved the smell of the fields after a heavy downpour. She also missed her friends and thought about how happy she had been going into school every day, knowing that there were people there who made her feel safe. Thinking about it now made her eyes water a little. Here, she and her mum had a horrible walk across a busy main road to get into school, breathing in smoke from lorries, being deafened by the sound of too fast motorbikes.         “Where did you live before?” asked Katie.        “Still in London. Just down the road. I had to move to this school because my sister’s here. Mum wanted us both at the same place.” She moved her face closer to Katie and smiled. “Cheer up! You won’t always be new, you know.”Katie smiled weakly.
答案:

2
题目:ignore
答案:ignore

3
题目:注视
答案:C. stare

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。
She especially loved the smell of the fields after a heavy downpour.
答案:A. 大量的

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Katie found out the blonde girl’s name was Holly and that she was new as well.
答案:A. discovered

6
题目:现在想起它，她的眼睛有点湿润。
答案:Thinking about it now made her eyes water a little.

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

### (bore), Miranda moved away to carry on her skipping game with her friends.
答案:Bored

8
题目:“Do you want to play hopscotch?” ### (她轻声地问她).
答案:she asked her in a quiet voice

