1
题目:        Providing five-star luxury (豪华) in the middle of a treasured wilderness without damaging the environment might not be easy, but it is far from impossible. The King Pacific Lodge in British Columbia’s Great Bear Rainforest proves that if enough care and attention is taken, the task is within the reach of any tourist provider.         Unlike many other hotel building projects, no trees were cut down and no land was wasted in order to build it. The Lodge does not have the same location but sits on a floating boat pulled into the sea bay in May, till September. Those wishing to stay in one of its seventeen rooms must access it by boat or seaplane. Each guest staying at the Lodge is charged 3% conservation tax, but is rewarded by the chance to sight whales and bears. And since these are the main attractions of the area and of the Lodge, the management is well aware that in order to stay in business they must leave the area untouched.         In 2000, the Lodge management signed an agreement with the native Gitga’at people. Together they work for the benefit of the area. The Lodge recognizes the native tribe (部落) as the owners of the land, pays the tribe for the use of their land and even supports the native youth and employs the tribe’s people. They, in turn, teach the newcomers about the local culture.         ①The King Pacific Lodge is one of a growing number of tourism companies that go beyond only minimizing (把……减至最小程度) their environmental effect to win the approval (批准) of the local community where they set up their business. These companies use environmentally friendly solutions to problems, and are careful to limit their use of resources and protect threatened species. Realizing how destructive (破坏性的) tourism can be, they want to avoid the love-it-to-death effect of tourism and leave a lighter environmental footprint. 
答案:

2
题目:location
答案:location

3
题目:处在；坐落在
答案:B. sit

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思 。

Providing five-star luxury in the middle of a treasured wilderness without damaging the environment might not be easy, but it is far from impossible.    
答案:B. 远非

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Each guest staying at the Lodge is charged 3% conservation tax.
答案:A. 收费

6
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

And since these are the main attractions of the area and of the Lodge, the management is well aware that in order to stay in business they must leave the area untouched.
答案:C. 未受损害的

7
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Those wishing to stay in one of the hotel’s seventeen rooms must access it by boat or seaplane.	  
答案:B. reach

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

These companies use ### (environmental) friendly solutions to problems, and are careful to limit their use of resources and protect threatened species.
答案:environmentally

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

The King Pacific Lodge is one of ### (越来越多的) tourism companies that go beyond only minimizing their environmental effect to win the approval of the local community.
答案:a growing number of

