1
题目:A Cappella CompetitionDo you love to sing?Come and show off your talents at the Chilton Youth A Cappella Competition﹥ October 20th, 11:00 – 17:00﹥ Edward Greatcoat Theater, Sealey Road, Chilton﹥ RulesPlease remember that this is a cappella (清唱) competition!No instruments or recorded music will be allowed.Competitors may sing published or original (原创的) songs in any style.Competitors must be between 8 and 15 years old.There are four categories (类):﹥ Solo (独唱) (8 – 11 years old) ﹥ Solo (12 – 15 years old)﹥ Group (8 – 11 years old)		﹥ Group (12 – 15 years old)★ Competitors under 12 years old must stay with a parent or other adult at all times.★ Each competitor must pay an entry (参赛) fee of $10.★ Winners will receive $500 and a course of 20 lessons with famous voice coach Vickie Leonard.★ Winners will be decided by three judges from the Chilton School of Music. Their decision is final.﹥ Additional information★ Please arrive at the Edward Greatcoat Theater between 09:00 and 10:00 to register (登记), as the competition will start at 11:00. The parking lot has limited spaces so you are advised to come as early as possible.★ Shared dressing rooms with showers will be provided for all competitors.★ Tickets for the competition are available at the theater from October 1st. There is no charge for these, but again, spaces are limited.
答案:

2
题目:instrument
答案:instrument

3
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Come and show off your talents at the Chilton Youth A Cappella Competition.
答案:B. 展示

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Shared dressing rooms with showers will be provided for all competitors.
答案:C. 淋浴间（器）

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Tickets for the competition are available at the theater from October 1st. There is no charge for these, but again, spaces are limited.
答案:A. 收费

6
题目:competi_
答案:competi,tor

7
题目:停车场的车位有限，所以建议你尽早来。
答案:The parking lot has limited spaces so you are advised to come as early as possible.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Competitors may sing ### (publish) or original songs in any style. 
答案:published

