1
题目:ALL NEW! REPTILE (爬行动物) PETTING ZOO at the Oak Park Nature Center Kids! Are you tired of Mom or Dad taking you to the same old petting zoos, where (if you’re lucky) you might get to touch a little rabbit or goat? Mom or Dad! Are you tired of hearing your kids complain about how animals in the same old petting zoos are monotonous? Consider This: The fact is that most mammals (哺乳动物) are boringly warm, furry, and come in a limited range of dull colours. Reptiles, on the other hand, are cold-blooded and covered with scales (鳞) of attractive colours, from bright green to bright red to dark purple-red. Some, like the chameleon, can even CHANGE colors. Did you ever see a rabbit with scales and a purple tongue almost as long as its body? NO! In our zoo, you can see pet skinks (蜥蜴), snakes, bearded dragons, and other attractive creatures! Learn what these reptiles eat and how they care for their babies, which ones live in the desert and which live in wetlands, which ones are meat-eaters and which are vegetarians, which ones are deadly poisonous and which are not. So Remember: If you’re bored with furry animals like rabbits ... Then the place for YOU is the Reptile Petting Zoo! Bring the WHOLE family — Grandpa, Grandma, Cousin Irene, even baby Joe! There’s something for EVERYONE! 
答案:

2
题目:attractive
答案:attractive

3
题目:生物
答案:B. creature

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Reptiles are covered with scales of attractive colours, from bright green to bright red to dark purple-red.   
答案:A. 鲜艳的

5
题目:poison_
答案:poison,ous

6
题目:了解这些爬行动物吃什么以及它们如何照顾自己的宝宝。
答案:Learn what these reptiles eat and how they care for their babies.

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Are you tired of Mom or Dad ### (take) you to the same old petting zoos?
答案:taking

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

If you’re ### (bore) with furry animals like rabbits ... Then the place for YOU is the Reptile Petting Zoo! 
答案:bored

9
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

The fact is that most mammals (哺乳动物) are boringly warm, furry, and come in ### (有限范围的) dull colours. 
答案:a limited range of

