1
题目:        Fast food has become indicative of our thoughtless, consumer throw-away society. Yes, it may taste good to some people, but the truth is, it is terrible for health. For those who live in a fast food fantasy world, eating it every day, believing that it is fast, convenient and inexpensive, it can be catastrophic (灾难性的).
        Contrary to being cheap, fast food is very expensive on many levels. To start with, a home-cooked nutritious meal would cost a lot less than any fast food meal and you would know exactly what ingredients were in your food.
        However, the expense is not only in terms of the money you spend at the restaurant. There are hidden costs. Not only does it cost money to pay for the petrol to go and get this nutritionally poor food, but also it is very wasteful of paper, plastic and styrene (苯乙烯) all of which do serious damage to the environment: plastic and styrene cannot be got rid of, but break up into small particles (颗粒) and end up in our water supply or our air, and therefore our food chain. It is a very severe circle.
        Besides not being good for you, fast food is also addictive. The more you eat, the more you want, and so, more and more kids are suffering from fatness. Fast food restaurants have become a favourite hangout for teens, and not just for something to eat. If fast food was designed to be quick and easy, why do many of them have cafes, a Wi-Fi zone and an eat-in restaurant? Those are not things a person in a hurry would use. The goal now is trying to attract customers to stay longer and thus spend more money. Their marketing is aimed at attracting kids because they are the ones who have money to spend and are customers of the future.
        Fast food is dangerous to your health, hard on your wallet, addictive and harmful to the environment. Through the power of the media, children, teens and adults are attracted to “fit in and be cool”, be part of the fast throw-away lifestyle it promotes. How to resist the hype (炒作)? Just take a good look at the results on those who eat it. Then look at yourself.
答案:

