1
题目:
            My dad left me a treasure when he died. It wasn’t a house or a car. It wasn’t cash or gold. It wasn’t bonds (债券) or bank accounts. In the eyes of the world my dad died a poor man. He was a simple mechanic who worked hard to support his family. My dad’s treasure rather was in a thousand wonderful memories that he gave me over the course of his life.       



    



    One particular memory stands out in my mind today. I was just a boy playing in the backyard of my dad’s friend’s house while he spent the afternoon under her old car trying to get it running again. It seemed to take hours and I wasn’t sure he could bring the ancient auto back to life again this time. At long last, though, he closed the hood (引擎盖) and turned the key in the engine. There was a sweet smile of satisfaction on his face as the engine started. There was a twinkle of joy in his eye when he shook his head and refused to accept anything for his work. And there was happiness in his voice as we drove back home that day. This memory made a home in my heart and became a priceless pearl for my soul to cherish.       



    



    Time and time again my dad showed me that a good life, a kind life, a giving life, and a heavenly life was created one choice at a time. Not all of his choices were the right ones, but most of them were. He did the best he could. He lived the best he could. And he helped to bring out the best in me too. As I look back into that treasure of memories my dad left me, I realize that each one of them inspired me to live and to love: one choice at a time.       



    



    How do you build a better world: one choice at a time. How do you live a loving life: one choice at a time. How do you make Earth more like Heaven: one choice at a time. May all of your choices be driven by love, inspired by joy, and guided by God. And may all of your choices bring memories of happiness to those around you.

答案:

2
题目:satisfaction
答案:satisfaction

3
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

He was a simple mechanic who worked hard to support his family.
答案:C. 养活

4
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

At long last, though, he closed the hood and turned the key in the engine.
答案:B. Finally

5
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

My dad’s treasure rather was in a thousand wonderful memories that he gave me ### (在他有生之年).
答案:over the course of his life

6
题目:那段记忆永驻我心。
答案:This memory made a home in my heart.

7
题目:他帮助我展现出最好的一面。
答案:He helped to bring out the best in me.

8
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

One particular memory ### (在我脑海中留下了深刻的印象) today.
答案:stands out in my mind

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

###（当我回想起父亲留给我的那种珍贵回忆时）, I realize that each one of them inspired me to live and to love: one choice at a time.
答案:As I look back into that treasure of memories my dad left me

10
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

May all of your choices ### (由爱驱使) and inspired by joy.
答案:be driven by love

