1
题目:        Zebra mussels are small, freshwater mollusks (软体动物) that live in eastern Europe. In 1988, however, zebra mussels were sighted far from home. They had suddenly appeared in the United States. It is believed that they were brought over on a ship from the Black Sea. Once they were in the United States, they rapidly took over. By 1990, they had spread throughout the Great Lakes, and by 2008, they were in bodies of water in at least 24 of the 50 states. In only 20 years, these tiny creatures had made their way halfway across the country.        Zebra mussels have caused a lot of damage in every ecosystem they live in. They take over the habitats of native mollusks and fish and eat their food. They affect humans by attaching themselves to boats and structures in the water. Zebra mussels can destroy wood, concrete, and even steel. They sink buoys (航标) and slow down ships by attaching to them in enormous numbers. They are numerous (许多的) enough to block water pipes leading to and from power and water plants. Zebra mussels also pollute beaches, and their sharp shells (壳) are a danger to swimmers.        There is no single effective way to deal with zebra mussels. They can be removed with scrapers, hot water, and air pressure. They can also be prevented from attaching by using chemicals, barriers, and coatings. Power stations and water treatment plants spend hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to deal with them, but the zebra mussels can always return. Unfortunately, zebra mussels are here to stay. Hopefully, one day researchers will find a way to truly combat this invasion (入侵).
答案:

2
题目:unfortunately
答案:unfortunately

3
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

In 1988, however, zebra mussels were sighted far from home.
答案:C. found

4
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

They sink buoys (航标) and slow down ships by attaching to them in enormous numbers.
答案:A. huge

5
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Once they were in the United States, they rapidly took over.
答案:C. 取而代之

6
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

By 1990, they had spread throughout the Great Lakes, and by 2008, they were in bodies of water in at least 24 of the 50 states.
答案:B. 水域

7
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

They are numerous enough to block water pipes leading to and from power and water plants.
答案:A. 工厂

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

There is no single ### (effect) way to deal with zebra mussels.
答案:effective

