1
题目:        Many people say William Shakespeare’s writing is old, boring and difficult to read. However, that is simply not true. Even though Shakespeare wrote during the 1500s and 1600s, his themes are still relevant (切题的) today, and his writing is actually easy to understand if you take the time to break it down.        Shakespeare wrote many plays and poems that had excitement, suspense (悬念), comedy, romance, and human drama. For example, Shakespeare wrote about teenagers hanging out with their friends, fairies playing tricks on humans, ghosts haunting (出没于) castles, suspenseful sword fights, and lovers dying in each other’s arms. Shakespeare’s writing also shows that people faced the same challenges and emotions in the Renaissance (文艺复兴) as they do today. For example, he wrote about a young man who had to prove to his father that he was responsible.        Shakespeare’s language is not too difficult to figure out if you have patience and focus on the words as metaphors (隐喻). For example, think about this quote: “Let every eye negotiate for itself.” You know what all of those words mean individually, but you may not understand what they mean together. That is because he sometimes used words in a nonliteral (非直接的) way. Basically, Shakespeare is saying “Let each person decide for himself or herself.” He is saying that everyone should be able to make his or her own choices or judgments. This message is as relevant today as it was when it was written long ago. Whether you like comedy or tragedy, action or romance, you may find that you can relate to Shakespeare’s stories more than you think.
答案:

2
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

### (我还没来得及开口), she handed me a My Little Pony colouring book.
答案:Before I could open my mouth

3
题目:judgment
答案:judgment

4
题目:剧本
答案:C. play

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

His writing is actually easy to understand if you take the time to break it down.
答案:C. 划成部分（以便分析）

6
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Shakespeare’s language is not too difficult to figure out if you have patience and focus on the words as metaphors.
答案:C. 弄懂

7
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Whether you like comedy or tragedy, action or romance, you may find that you can relate to Shakespeare’s stories more than you think.
答案:B. understand

8
题目:bor_
答案:bor,ing

9
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

You know what all of those words mean ### (individual), but you may not understand what they mean together. 
答案:individually

10
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

Shakespeare wrote about teenagers ### (和他们的朋友出去玩).
答案:hanging out with their friends

