1
题目:
            A teen had a 265-pound gift for his teacher if he could overcome his stage fright enough to pull it off. He succeeded — and the gift really brought home the bacon.            
            A shy 15-year-old boy was heartbroken to hear that his favorite teacher was retiring (退休). Kim — or “Miss K” as he called her — was stepping down from her position as an educator so she could devote her time to Beat Nb: a charity that raises money for medical research.            
            To help Miss K, Waylon decided to take the pig he’d raised and auction (拍卖) it off at the county fair and donate (捐赠) all the money — but after several people heard about his unselfishness, the auction took a very unexpected turn.            
            The boy had emailed his situation to several companies who would be buying — hoping they would bid (出价) higher than the usual price of $3-to-4 per pound. His plan worked. When the bidding kicked off, the price jumped to $11, but then one of the bidders, Dan, had an idea and struck a deal with his competition. He won the bidding on the pig, then he donated it back to be auctioned again. The second winner bought it for $10 a pound, but then he gave it back, too.            
            Finally, a third competitor, Dave Moll, was free to buy — then, he, too, unexpectedly donated the pig back — for a third time. Dave Moll, who is Waylon’s father’s employer, said, “I hadn’t planned to spend that much money or give the pig back. But that’s what the people ahead of me did, and I felt like it was the right thing to do, so I did.”            
            The pig was finally bought and sold a fourth time for $5.50 per pound, meaning that Waylon managed to raise $10,070 for his teacher’s charity. “I did not see that happening,” Waylon said. “Usually, they just sell it once! My dream got bigger and bigger every time they said, ‘Give it back.’”            
          “I’m so proud of him,” Miss K said. “He doesn’t know the influence that he is having. Someday he will.”    
答案:

2
题目:succeed
答案:succeed

3
题目:竞争对手
答案:B. competition

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

When the bidding kicked off, the price jumped to $11.      
答案:B. 开始

5
题目:选出能替换凸显部分的单词或短语。

Beat Nb is a charity that raises money for medical research.
  
答案:B. collects

6
题目:_expected
答案:un,expected

7
题目:当一个腼腆的15岁男孩听说他最喜欢的老师即将退休时，心都碎了。
答案:A shy 15-year-old boy was heartbroken to hear that his favorite teacher was retiring.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Kim was stepping down from her position as an ### (educate).
答案:educator

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

A teen had a 265-pound gift for his teacher if he could overcome his stage fright enough to ### (做成). 
答案:pull it off

