1
题目:        When you look at fashion shows or see the latest clothes for this year in a magazine, you might think you’ve seen it all before. It sometimes seems that most of the designers are just going back to ideas that have already been around at least once before. If you really want to know what the future of fashion is, you need to look at an area that is always looking forward: technology. The meeting point of fashion and technology is where the really exciting new ideas are.
        For several years now, people have been talking about “wearable technology” as the next big development. In fact, some products that fit this description are already in the shops. You can buy watches that do everything your smart phone can do, or glasses with computers in that follow your eye movements and feed information to you as you walk around. But there’s much more to wearable technology than that.
        Sports clothing is one area where new ideas are developing very fast. Runners and other sports people already wear small computers on their wrists that give them continuous information about how fast they’re running, how hard their bodies are working and so on. Experts agree that it’s often sports people (usually young men) who are the first to take up new fashion ideas. Others then follow.
        Women, it seems, are usually more interested in what clothes look like than what they can do, and technology has a part to play here too. Designers are already making clothes that can change color with how you are feeling, or react to sound. And if you think that sounds unlikely, just think of all the things we accept as quite normal today that seemed impossible or silly only ten years ago.
        The main reason that things like this aren’t yet in normal shops is that they aren’t cheap. But, as with all technological products, the price will surely come down fast. In any case, technological clothing doesn’t have to be expensive.
答案:

2
题目:fashion
答案:fashion

3
题目:information
答案:information

4
题目:feed
答案:C. 提供（意见或信息等）

5
题目:unlikely
答案:B. 不太可能的

6
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

In fact, some products that fit this description are already in the shops.
答案:A. 符合

7
题目:考查句子中单词的意思

。Experts agree that it’s often sports people who are the first to take up new fashion ideas.
答案:A. 接受

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

For several years now, people have been talking about “wearable technology” as the next big ### (develop).
答案:development

