1
题目:        Grandparents who sometimes help out with childcare or provide support for others in their community tend to live longer than seniors who do not care for other people, according to a study from Berlin, Germany.
        The findings are drawn from data on more than 500 people over age 70 in the Berlin Aging Study. The participants completed interviews and medical tests every two years between 1990 and 2009.
        The researchers did not include any grandparents who were the primary caregivers for their grandchildren, only those who cared for grandchildren from time to time. The study team compared this group with seniors who provided support for non-family members, such as friends or neighbors, and seniors who did not provide any care for other people.
        Overall, after accounting for grandparents’ age and general state of health, the risk of dying over a 20-year period was one-third lower for grandparents who cared for their grandchildren, compared with those who did not provide any childcare. Half of the grandparents who cared for grandchildren were still alive ten years after the initial interview. The same was true for participants who did not have grandchildren but supported their adult children in some way, such as helping with housework. In contrast, about half of the participants who did not help others died within five years of the start of the study.
        “Caregiving may give caregivers a purpose of life because caregivers may feel useful for others and for the society,” said Bruno Arpino, an associate professor at Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona, Spain who was not involved in the study.
        “Caregiving may be thought also as an activity that keeps caregivers physically and mentally active,” Professor Arpino said, adding that previous studies suggest that caregiving may improve cognitive (认知的) functioning, mental and physical health.
        Arpino noted, however, that caregiving is not the only activity that can improve health, and too many caring responsibilities can take away from other beneficial activities like working, being in social clubs, or volunteering.
        “Children should take into consideration their parents’ needs, willingness, and desires and agree with them on the timing and amount of childcare,” Arpino suggested.
答案:

