1
题目:        One of the hottest topics in agriculture today is genetically modified (GM) foods. GM foods are foods that come from plants that had their DNA changed using biotechnology. GM foods have been on the market since 1994, when a company called Calgene started selling GM tomatoes. Since then, other GM foods have been developed.        The main benefit of GM foods is that they can be a more economical solution than non GM foods. Scientists found a way to improve many plants to make them more resistant to weeds, diseases, and pests. This allows the plants to grow in tougher climates and conditions, which should lead to lower food prices and increase the overall food supply.        However, many consumers still have their doubts about GM foods. For one, they feel that by eating GM foods people are messing with nature. Until now, humans have survived on food that was produced without any interference (干预) from science. Even though many lab studies show that GM foods are safe in the short term, opponents feel that not enough long-term testing has been done yet. Another major issue in the GM food debate is its labeling. Current U.S. laws do not require producers to label their foods as GM. This has upset many consumers who feel they have the right to clearly know how food they are buying is produced. On the other hand, producers are afraid to label their food as GM because they feel it will result in less product sales, as people may assume that there is something wrong with GM foods.        This controversy (争议) isn’t just on the level of consumers and producers. The issue of non GM foods has also become a block to a major free trade agreement between the U.S. and Europe. GM foods are banned throughout most of the EU, while they are quite common throughout the U.S. Since many U.S. GM food producers would like to sell their foods overseas in Europe, the U.S. is requesting that European nations cancel laws banning GM foods. However, many European nations are not fully convinced that these products are safe.
答案:

2
题目:convince
答案:convince

3
题目:争论
答案:B. debate

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思

Since then, other GM foods have been developed.
答案:B. 研制

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Even though many lab studies show that GM foods are safe in the short term, opponents feel that
not enough long-term testing has been done yet.
答案:B. Even if

6
题目:agree_
答案:agree,ment

7
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Scientists found a way to improve many plants to make them more ### (resist) to weeds, diseases, and pests.
答案:resistant

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Until now, humans have survived on food that was ### (produce) without any interference from science.
答案:produced

9
题目:根据所给汉语，完成下列句子。

### (另一方面), producers are afraid to label their food.
答案:On the other hand

