1
题目:        Would you like to build and launch (发射) your own rocket? Do you like inventing your own gadgets (小装置)? Do you want to find out how things work?        If so, come and visit our 5 floors of interactive (互动) exhibits. Find out about the weather, aeroplanes and ships, or discover how the computer developed. There’s something for the whole family — the youngest can push brightly-lit buttons and watch how things work, while grandparents can enjoy our classic cars and planes.        Why not visit our two temporary exhibitions? The first, Dead Ringers, shows how the mobile phone has created a huge global waste problem. Up to 50 million are thrown away each year; we show how scientists and charities are working together to stop this and how you can help. In our 50 Years of Cartoon exhibition, you can come behind the scenes with us and see how your favorite animated (动画的) characters were created.        Then you can really become part of the action in our 3D Cinema. Only 12 people have ever walked on the Moon’s surface and now you can be the next — you will even feel the Moon dust flying into your face! Or take part in our cinema’s 3D wildlife adventure. You will search for and see elephant, rhino, buffalo, lion and leopard, closely but safely.        Now stop to buy a snack in our award-winning Deep Water Café or use any of the special picnic areas. Finally stop at our shop on the way out — here you will find everything you need to carry out your own experiments, along with books and educational games.         Opening hours are 10:00 am – 6:00 pm daily and entrance is free. Visit our website at www.sciencemuseum.org for updates on events. Please note: some displays use flashing lights. No photography or video-recording is permitted inside the museum.
答案:

2
题目:invent
答案:invent

3
题目:discover
答案:discover

4
题目:create
答案:create

5
题目:冒险
答案:B. adventure

6
题目:考查句子中单词的意思。

Visit our website at www.sciencemuseum.org for updates on events.
答案:A. 最新消息

7
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

Here you will find everything you need to do your own experiments.
答案:A. carry out

8
题目:exhibit_
答案:exhibit,ion

9
题目:education_
答案:education,al

10
题目:开放时间为每日上午十时至下午六时，免费入场。
答案:Opening hours are 10:00 am – 6:00 pm daily and entrance is free.

11
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

We show how scientists and charities are working together ### (stop) this and how you can help.
答案:to stop

12
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

No photography or video-recording ### (permit) inside the museum.
答案:is permitted

13
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

In our 50 Years of Cartoon exhibition, you can ### (来到幕后) with us and see how your favorite animated characters were created.
答案:come behind the scenes

