1
题目:        When Carlos Westez died at the age of 76, a language died, too. Westez, more commonly known as Red Thunder Cloud, was the last speaker of the Native American language, Catawba.        Anyone who wants to hear different songs of the Catawba tribe (部落) can get in touch with the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C., where, back in the 1940s, Red Thunder Cloud recorded a series of songs for future generations. They are all that is left of the Catawba language. The language that people used to speak is gone forever.        We all know the damage that modern industry can do to the world’s ecology (生态). However, few people know the effect (影响) that widely spoken languages have on other languages and ways of life. English has spread all over the world. Chinese, Spanish, Russian, and Hindi have become powerful languages, as well. As these languages become more powerful, their use as tools of business and culture increases. When this happens, hundreds of languages that are spoken by only a few people die out.        Scholars believe there are about 6,000 languages around the world, but more than half of them could die out within the next 100 years. Araki is a native language of the island of Vanuatu, located in the Pacific Ocean. It is spoken by only a few older adults, so like Catawba, Araki will soon disappear. Many languages of Ethiopia will have the same fate (命运) because each one has only a few speakers. In the Americas, 100 languages also are dying out.        Red Thunder Cloud was one of the first to recognize the threat of language death and to try to do something about it. He was not actually born into the Catawba tribe, and the language was not his mother tongue. However, he was a frequent visitor to the Catawba reservation in South Carolina, where he learned the language. The songs he sang for the Smithsonian Institution helped to make Native American music popular. Now he is gone, and the language is dead.
答案:

2
题目:spread
答案:spread

3
题目:意识到
答案:A. recognize

4
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。
He was not actually born into the Catawba tribe, and the language was not his mother tongue.
答案:A. 母语

5
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。
When this happens, hundreds of languages that are spoken by only a few people die out.
答案:B. disappear

6
题目:power_
答案:power,ful

7
题目:他经常拜访卡托巴保留地。
答案:He was a frequent visitor to the Catawba reservation.

8
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。
Red Thunder Cloud was one of the first to recognize the threat of language ### (dead).
答案:death

9
题目:根据所给汉语完成句子。
The language that ### (人们曾经说的) is gone forever.
答案:people used to speak

