1
题目:        Although it is often called the koala “bear”, this lovely animal is not actually a bear at all. It is a marsupial (有袋目哺乳动物), and like kangaroos, a female koala carries her baby in her pouch (育儿袋) for about six months.         Koalas live in four states only in eastern Australia, where the eucalyptus (桉树) trees they love are most plentiful. In fact, they rarely leave these trees, their sharp claws easily keeping them high up in the air.         During the day they sleep for up to 18 hours. When not asleep, they feed on eucalyptus leaves, especially at night. Koalas do not drink much water and they get most of their water from these leaves. Each animal eats a large amount for its size — about two and a half pounds of leaves a day, even storing snacks of leaves in pouches.         The koala bears were widely hunted during the 1920s and 1930s and their populations decreased suddenly. Helped by reintroduction, they have reappeared over much of their former range, but their populations are smaller. Koalas need a lot of space — about a hundred trees per animal — which is a pressing problem, as Australia’s woodlands continue to get smaller because the trees they live on are being cut down to make farms. Also, forest fires, caused by heat waves, are destroying the forests the koalas live in.         It has been estimated (估算) that there are only 100,000 koalas left in the wild, with the lowest estimates being no more than 43,000. The koala can only eat eucalyptus leaves and lives nowhere else except Australia, so in order to survive, human effect on its limited environment must be controlled, or this attractive creature faces certain extinction. 
答案:

2
题目:survive
答案:survive

3
题目:effect
答案:effect

4
题目:有限的
答案:B. limited

5
题目:考察句子中单词的意思。

Helped by reintroduction, they have reappeared over much of their former range.
答案:A. 活动范围

6
题目:选出能替换突显部分的单词或短语。

In fact, they rarely leave these trees, their sharp claws easily keeping them high up in the air.
答案:A. seldom

7
题目:attract_
答案:attract,ive

8
题目:extinct_
答案:extinct,ion

9
题目:他们一天睡觉长达18个小时。
答案:During the day they sleep for up to 18 hours.

10
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

Koalas do not drink much water and they get most of their water from these ### (leaf). 
答案:leaves

11
题目:在空白处填入括号内单词的正确形式。

It has been estimated that there are only 100,000 koalas ### (leave) in the wild
答案:left

12
题目:根据所给汉语完成下列句子。

### (不睡觉时), they feed on eucalyptus leaves.
答案:When not asleep

